,Date,Title,Review,Rating
0, April 2022,Nice stay in the heart of NYC,Very good location. Reasonable price. The room is not that big but is still comfortable. We will consider this hotel again when we will come back to New York. I liked a lot the gym even of a couple of machines were not in use.,4
1, December 2021,Modern and Clean,"We stayed in this hotel just before Christmas and we had a fantastic stay. The lines for check in were extremely long which wasn’t ideal after a long flight. However, when we got to reception we were greeted by Junior who was incredibly friendly and helpful, he even upgraded our room. When we got to the room it was a great size (for NYC) as well as being extremely clean with a good view looking towards Times Square. All in all, aside from the lines at check in which are understandable the week before Christmas, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone heading to New York.",5
2, April 2022,"Mid range hotel, very strategic location","Pleasant staff and security in place. Stayed here for 3 nights, windows can be lifted upwards to allow fresh air in. Less than 5 mins walk away from Times Square, Walgreens is side by side building, Shake Shack and Chick-fil-a are opposite. Small room (max 2 pax), no fridge, no coffee/ tea/ hot water kettle facilities. Aircon works well, radiator / air vent gets so loud, tends to wake me up several times in the middle of the night. Every floor equipped with cold water / ice dispenser machines. Gym on 3rd floor, just enough to get cardio work done. Hot and cold water dispenser available here.",4
3, April 2022,"Small, cramped","Pricing was okay. Very noisy, small room. The bathroom was almost unusable, the toilet was wedged between the wall and the vanity, had to remove the paper roll to use the toilet. I would look for a different place next time.",2
4, April 2022,6 days of Terror,"Rooms are filthy, elevators are dangerous and extremely slow, hallways are poorly lit, a/c has a mind of its own, no restaurant, no pool, elevators are dirty !!! It’s a scary place !!! I cannot recommend this place unless we’re enemies !!!",1
5, April 2022,Mostly a great visit.,"Overall an excellent experience at your hotel. Your staff was warm friendly and helpful and our experience benefited from them. What kept me from a five star review is a couple of things. First the inconsistency of your restaurant’s hours. We arrived on a Monday and the restaurant was blocked off. Then to our surprise when we came down at 8 the next morning it was open for breakfast so stopped in and enjoyed a reasonable priced breakfast. So we were surprised the nested day when we came down at 7 and found it not yet open was surprising and a little disappointing. Along the same lines in terms of communication is a lack of any info about the hotel/neighborhood. Even if you look at the hotel’s FAQ’s a lot of that information is out of date or no longer accurate. For example,",4
6, April 2022,Nice Overnight Stay!,Perfect place for an overnight stay in Times Square! The room was small but cute and everything seemed pretty clean. The check in/out was super quick and easy. For a hotel in nyc I would definitely stay again!,5
7, April 2022,"Better Next Time, I hope","Unfortunately the bathroom had been covered with dusts of two years Covid influenced quite moments, Especially the door frames and around the mirror. Also I don’t know why the last day morning at 9am hoovering at my door! It’s always the case whenever and wherever I travel around the world. But I love Ron NYC Hotel, I will be back next time soon.",3
8, April 2022,Good value for money,"Great location!! The rooms are super confortable and were cleaned perfectly everyday during my stay. The hotel feels very safe with all the security and staff was super professional. I am especially greatfull for JUNIOR at reception for His warm welcome at check in and for all the support provided during my stay, very helpfull and attentive, great hospitality standards.Had a great stay here and I'm planning to return.",5
9, April 2022,Would not stay there again.,Great location. Not very clean. Front desk and housekeeping seemed over whelmed. Maybe under staffed? Lighting was very dim. Maybe to create mood but we could still see the dirt/grime. Several unhappy guests complaining at front desk when I was there. Needed an extra blanket and it took 2 hours and 3 attempts.,2
10, April 2022,Terrible front desk attention,"Terrible attention by the front desk person who did my check in; the room keys are deactivated easily… 3 nights, after a long waiting for the elevators, I had to return to the front desk to get the key activated; even though it seems like they have enough elevators, the line to get to the floor is huge…",2
11, April 2022,Excellent stay near all of the theaters,"This is a very good hotel on 8th Avenue, a short walk from Times Square and any Broadway show you want to see. The management does a good job handling the massive number of guests checking in and departing at any given moment. The rooms are clean and comfortable. For the location, the rates are reasonable, and we would stay here again. You are paying for the location. The staff are busy, but we always got a clear answer to any questions. If you want a true luxury hotel in NYC, pay triple this price or quit complaining....",4
12, April 2022,GREAT HOTEL!,"GREAT HOTEL! Convenient to theatres and amazing restaurants , reasonably priced, and very clean. All staff were helpful and courteous. I am already planning my next trip to NYC and will stay at ROW NYC.",5
13, April 2022,Home of Black Mold,"This is a disgusting hotel. Our bathroom was full of black mold and the air filters were filled with dirt and dust. We spoke to the manager about the issues and nothing was done despite assuring us that it would be cleaned up. The elevators are also an issue. It felt like we spend half our day just waiting for an elevator to show up. For the price they charge, cleaning the rooms needs to be a priority.",1
14, April 2022,My ROW NYC experience for the 2nd time,"This is my 2ndt time to book at Row, I love the convenience of its location to Time Square and other tourist spots. Security is good, they check everyone before getting into the elevator area. there is Express check out. Before i arrive in NYC, they've responded promptly to all my inquiries. Row is my home in NYC",5
15, April 2022,Worst Hotel ever,It’s was my first time been in NEW YORK CITY LOVE THE CITY BUT FOR ROW Hotel I would never stay here again never again lost my bags and package I have delivered to Row no one can help me I ask for a supervisor no help,1
16, April 2022,"This hotel is a dump. If you like mold and lousy housekeeping, this is your spot.","This hotel is a dive. It is literally the worst bathroom I have ever seen. There was mold in 6 different spots. I talked to the desk on day 2. They said it would be rectified. Day 7 comes, still nothing. They forgot our towels three times and left us without cups 4 times. This hotel is a two dressed up as a 3.5. For what they charged it is ridiculous. The bathroom is the grossest I've encountered ever.",1
17, April 2022,Check under your sheets 🤢,Originally booked into The Paramount and moved to Row NYC by by travel company. I had read the reviews so wasn’t expecting The Ritz but honestly this hotel has some serious issues with hygiene. We had 3 rooms Room 1 - My mothers room. to greet them in the corridor of floor ten was a smell of Marijuana that bad that it actually stuck to the clothes and seeped under the bedroom door. Moving into the room itself the mattress covers were stained and covered in a variety of pubic & body hair. the pillows were stained and no pillow protectors were used so you could also smell the unwashed smell as you got near them. One sheet had a large hole in it. Also a piece of plastic skirting was hanging from the wall on a corner and could very easily have caused an injury to someone's leg.,1
18, April 2022,Overall good value,"Things I liked: + Checkout at noon + Premium City View + Central location near Times Square + Two types of blinders, one for shade, one for darkness + Clothing Iron provided in Room + Friendly & helpful staff Neutral: / Room cleanliness was okay, little rough around the edges & corners / Expensive but cheaper than other hotels in the area / Breakfast not included Things I disliked: - Room key randomly stopped working and had to be replaced - Completely unsecured WiFi - Room was very small, no good space to put the suitcase (Premium Queen City View Room)",3
19, April 2022,Wonderful overall,Disappointed that City Kitchen had not opened back yet. Elevators were a bit slow as one was out of order. Staff were accommodating and courteous. Love the diversity of the guests. Everything else was wonderful as always.,4
20, April 2022,The reviews are pretty accurate,"Was a little worried after reading all the reviews. After staying, I can say they are fairly accurate- the elevators are loud and “weird” but the only real difference is that you press your floor on the outside of the elevator and it then tells you what elevator to wait at. The elevators are not brightly lit, In Fact none of the hotel is brightly lit. They do have security at the elevators making sure the ones who go up do have a room key (I could appreciate that) The staff was very friendly, no complaints. The rooms are in fact a little dusty along the door frames etc….but not disgusting by any means. I loved the brightly colored accent wall and the window shades. The problems I had were 1) the only room outlets were made into a night stand and a desk. None of them",3
21, April 2022,50th birthday visit,"This hotel is in a fantastic location close to a subway station and right in the heart of the noise and bustle which we loved. Room was good- plenty of space, a little dated but okay for going back to sleep after a busy day. The staff were lovely- really friendly and couldn’t have been more helpful with everything.",5
22, April 2022,Row Experience,"I’ve seen Row hotel when I walked in front of in the past!! The lobby hotel, entrance it looks like a modern hotel but, it’s just the main impression!! The standard room is very small and tight!! Very noisy air conditioning, carpet looked grimy!!! The rooms must a good renovation , to looks like the lobby/Entrance!! The location is very good, close to time square, supermarket, restaurants and so on!",2
23, April 2022,Changing rooms,My friend and I paid for a room with twin beds and despite me having an email conformation to back this up the staff at the hotel said that the 'travel agent' booked a room with a king bed. The travel agent denied this but I had no reason to doubt them as I have a print out of the itinerary and it clearly states 'twin room'. My friend and I have been friends for twenty years but I don't like her that much and besides I am a happy divorcee and my fiend is happily married. I tried to complain to the manager but I was just treated with contempt and found him very rude person.,1
24, April 2022,About what you would expect for the price,"For the price it was not bad (many hotels in the area are $100-$200 more per night). The rooms were clean and the bed was nice, but all the furniture in the room seemed kind of thrown together and there wasn't a very consistent aesthetic. The hallways were also extremely dark and kind of scary looking. My biggest issue was the elevators....they were extremely small and cramped, were not user friendly (had to type in the floor number) and it seemed like many times half of them weren't running leaving a huge group of guests standing waiting sometimes up to 10 minutes for one. The staff was pretty nice overall though we did have a security guard yell at us for eating outside food in the lounge area. I get why he did it but he was a little too aggressive about it even though we were",3
25, April 2022,I WILL NOT RETURN TO THIS HOTEL,"TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. We started with the attention, the first day the bathroom was dirty... it smelled like sewage, dirty water, in the bathtub there were hairs... the attention received after arriving tired from the plane, the guy at the reception was waiting for us for an hour before the maintenance guy came to our room to give us a solution, at first the reception guy told us that there were NO MORE ROOMS AVAILABLE AND HE COULD NOT CHANGE OUR ROOM. ... when the maintenance guy arrived everything changed, a staff of 10, they attended us super well, that if, or change the guy at the reception, (dark and with glasses) or this hotel will go down. The best thing is the location, you are right next to Times Square. I WILL NOT RETURN TO THIS HOTEL, SO I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO",1
26, April 2022,Great location but overpriced and small hotel with more cons than pros.,"It was just an okay experience. The rooms were nice and clean, the bathroom as well, plus you can't beat the location. Other than that: • The front desk staff was not the friendliest (don't go there for the customer service) • They have 6 elevators but only 2 seemed to be working! And most of the time they wouldn't even come on time (had to use the stairs) • On one of the days of our stay, they didn't clean our room. We had to ask for new towels, twice. And the second time they just threw them in the bathroom on top of the toilet seat. • There was a day when the fire alarm sounded at 7:30 am, waking up everyone. It ended up being a false alarm but there was no one saying anything until the firemen came. • Wi-Fi was VERY bad. • TVs only have ""cast"" option which means you could",3
27, April 2022,Mini Easter vacation,"Well located, in the center of everything. Room was good & clean plus the beds were very comfortable. Somewhat noisy if you get a room facing 8th street, but the higher in floor the less noise you will hear. The staff was very helpful and nice. Overall it was a pleasant experience.",4
28, April 2022,"40th birthday disappointment is dated , dark & dingy Hotel","Firstly virgin holidays I’m surprised this hotel is recommended by you, photos on websites don’t match the actual place , the place on the photos look clean , bright and vibrant , when really it’s a dated , dark and dingy place. 1. On arrival at 7.30pm we were met by a disorganised check in , long queues , unhappy staff , no open bar or cafe for a drink. Key cards didn’t work so had to wait for security to let us in, )this happened to everyone so it took security ages to let us in).. The 3 check in staff were stressed, unhelpful and anything we asked seemed to much trouble. 2. We booked a deluxe double room with a city view , they changed it on check in to a twin room due to no double rooms being left !!! (Even thou we booked months ago). The city view was a lie as we were on",1
29, April 2022,Great position. Good rooms .,"Nice hotel positioned just where it matters. Rooms are nice with comfortable beds. Don't worry about the poor reviews, we never experienced any issues at all - i was worried by some reviews but had no reason to be. Some people just like to complain I suppose. We had 3 rooms and had no issues in any of them. So a fair idea I would say. Staff friendly and helpful even when contacting them before the holiday. Seemed happy to do thier best to assist. This includes security and all staff . Really can't complain and would be happy to use again should I visit NYC again Only comment would be to please put a kettle in each room . We did ask and got one but would be nice to have as standard with coffee and tea etc.",5
30, April 2022,Bad service,"The system was down so I could not check in for 5 hrs. The internet was not working as well for one day. The location is good, the room was clean and the staff tried to help. All in all I will not recommend.",2
31, April 2022,Thought I Might Leave in an Ambulance,"As a person with a disability, the stay was a nightmare. Long lines to check in only to find the room wasn't ready, sent to another long line downstairs to check luggage, another long line (15+ people in each) to check in AGAIN later and never more than two people at the desk each of whom had to walk into the back between each person on line... All of whom saw me struggling on my cane to remain upright on lines with no nearby seating or a thought to offering the gimp a chair. Some education on how to work with patrons with disabilities is in order. Then the room key didn't work and required another wait... on a now even longer line. My sitting on the floor should have been a hint to the two managers who walked right past me.",2
32, April 2022,Great location!,"Great location! you can reach everything quickly!great view if you stay in a room on the higher floors, at night there is a lot of noise on the street, I recommend sleeping with earplugs room cleaning needs to be better:(",4
33, April 2022,Location is the only Good thing.,"Awful experience!  Let's start with the inefficient check in process. There was only one Guest Services Representative at the desk and 6 employees standing on the sidelines. It took 45 minutes to get our room keys. We arrived to our room only to find it was NOT the EXECUTIVE SUITE we booked and paid for. Instead it was a tiny room with a full size bed.We spoke with the night manager who informed us that there was nothing he could do because the hotel was full!! The resolution.....the very sweet housekeeping team member brought extra comforters and pillows so that we could make a pallet on the FLOOR!! I'm certain that this isn't the presentation you want for the hotel. Managing a hotel of this caliber is your area of expertise. Hopefully, improvements will be made to the",1
34, April 2022,Avoid and don’t stay here.,"Reception staff are incredibly rude and unhelpful we asked for a map when we arrived and they didn’t provide one. No wifi information given when asked and just really rude. The lifts to the rooms take up to 10 minutes sometimes and are usually full so we had to allow ourselves extra time when leaving the hotel each time. The rooms are small but that’s ok but you can hear everything in the rooms beside you. Our room was never cleaned the 6 nights we were there, we had to ask for clean towels and sheets, although the house keeping staff are lovely and friendly. I will never stay in this hotel again or recommend it. I had actually booked it for my parents stay in August but I have cancelled this hotel and booked somewhere else.",2
35, April 2022,Terrible,"There was a strong litter odour in the room. The air conditionning was making a terrible sound. Which kept us up every Time it started. It was my third time at this hotel, it is going to be My last one.",1
36, April 2022,Thanks Marcello,"I'm not used to leaving a review, neither good nor bad, but this time I will and with great pleasure because the reason because my family returns to The Row is Marcello. Our first visit to The Row was in 2012 and we were delighted with the attention, service and humility with which this gentleman treated us, due to that great service provided we have continued to return. Our last trip was 3 days ago AND once again Marcello’s was there waiting to attend with a big smile. We want to emphasize that if we keep coming back to this Hotel it is mainly because of Marcello, not that the others do not do their job but Marcello is special, he captivated us from the first time. Please recognize his good work and dedication because he deserves it and employees like him are very hard to",5
37, April 2022,"Row NYC is certainly showing wear and tear, unfortunately.",Row NYC is not being well maintained both in common areas as well as in the individual guest rooms. Unfortunately. We have stayed in this hotel several times over the last 10+ years and it has definitely not been well maintained. We have not been there since pre COVID and were surprised to see the condition of the hotel. Row NYC is in such a great location... close to all the theaters and Times Square. Disappointed of its current condition.,2
38, November 2021,"Location Good, Hotel Bad","We didn't have a great experience at Row NYC and is the worst hotel we have stayed at and this started at check in. Huge lines at check in took about two hours to check in, then when we actually got checked in the room was a very dated and low standard. Location is great and the lobby looks nice and modern but that doesn't reflect in the room.",2
39, April 2022,Terrible experience!,"Terrible, broken AC, phone, broken tv remote, everything is old and falling apart, don’t be fooled by the nice lobby. Staff is rude and if you have problems like the ones mentioned above, don’t expect them to do anything about it. Hallways are simply creepy too, not sure how this hotel is still operating. AVOID at all cost!",1
40, April 2022,Worth it for location! Nothing else!,Was greeted by a long and slow line of people waiting to be checked in. There was one person checking everyone in which made the process very slow. The hotel was clearly saving money on electricity as the whole place was very dark and gloomy. The welcome was non existent and unfriendly. We got to our room with no help with our luggage and the room was small! There was no room to put luggage anywhere and no where to hang things up. The bathroom was awful! If you are 6ft tall like me then you would have a very uncomfortable time sitting on the toilet unless your happy to sit sideways. The only thing which I was happy about was location as it was right round the corner from Timesquare. I won’t stay here again and will look to go elsewhere.,2
41, April 2022,Not too bad !,"Room was quite small but ok. Bed really comfy , room was really clean too. Bit on the small side for two people though . Only had a bed and desk with one chair, no where to sit and relax. Bar wasn’t open most nights and no where to get any food. Location was really good, don’t know what the resort charge of $130 for four nights was for🤷‍♀️.",3
42, April 2022,NY has the best people,"This is a very popular hotel. It does get quite busy at times waiting for the elevator. That’s minor, though. The staff is friendly. Our room was warm. We called to have someone turn on the AC. They were prompt an even gave us dinner recommendations. The cleaning staff always greeted us with a hello and how are you. Honestly, NY has the best people.",5
43, April 2022,Not a repeat for me,"The room was smaller than advertised, the bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom had almost no light (save for the mirror) so taking a shower safely was a trial and the line for check-in was a 20 minute wait. Won’t be going back, personally.",3
44, April 2022,Very disappointed,Hotel is classed as 4 star it is far from it standard room had two one very small and the other adequate very small bathroom vents thick with dust on 22nd floor noise from street unbearable at times even though coukd nit openbwindiw to letcsone fresh air in Bar was closed most of the time when open very limited selection Keys stopped working for over 24 hours had to wait for Security to get into your room communication from hotel about situation was very bad also expected to pay local taxes but £217 for each room was excessive no dining room either Overall not a four star hotel as classified in my opinion communication from staff very poor even if you have a late flight check out is 12 if you need to wait no bathroom's to use as you need room key to access. Computer facility,2
45, April 2022,Old and dirty,"First the hotel looks amaizing, but when you arrive in your room it's the opposite.. the room is old and really dirty, only the bed, and view are good. The bathroom is really dirty, even inside the bath..",2
46, April 2022,First time in NYC,"This was an ideal hotel for us. Central location - very close to the Port Authority subway and bus station. The hotel was slightly run down but the rooms were clean and cleaned everyday which is all that mattered to us. Hotel rooms are small but come on, it’s NY (you’re never in your room!) Staff are friendly and helpful. Now that we’ve stayed in TS, we would probably stay in one of the surrounding neighbourhoods. This hotel is perfect for anyone who wants a central location and isn’t bothered about over the top luxury. We even got a room upgrade (bit bigger with a bath) 😀",4
47, April 2022,I would NOT recommend this dirty and dingy hotel!,"I took a chance on this hotel. The reviews were mixed and the price was on the lower side compared to other hotels. I had a feeling when I walked in, it was not going to be good. First of all, the lighting is very dimmed in the lobby - probably to hide the property's imperfections such as dirty floors, chipped paint on the ceiling, wires hanging down from a long empty table, cases of water bottles on",1
48, April 2022,"Not as expected, The Cafe does not exist ignore the pictures on all the websites and booking sites of doughnuts.","Looks good in online photos. Cafe shut during covid. Dont expect any food. Random Bar within hotel shuts early about 7pm. Coffee and dry bagel or muffin if you're lucky to catch it open in the morning. On arrival from a long flight nowhere to get a drink or coffee. You could walk a mile to get one if you're not too tired, worse at the end of the day as theres no fridge in the room or kettle or coffee maker. There's an ice machine in corridors, why? I'm not quite sure. Hope your room isnt opposite, it's noisy. Rooms ok for the price we asked for an adjoining room with our teenage daughters, when we arrived they said we dont do them. We were allocated 2 rooms apart.. Location ok a few streets from Times Square. Food and restaurants sparce near hotel 1 mile walk to 9th Ave",3
49, April 2022,Disappointing,"For the price of the hotel, I was disappointed. We didn't have towels in our room, the iron was broken (we called three times for a new one and never saw it), the bar was closed, the bathroom was incredibly small and not fit for someone plus sized, the elevators were incredibly scary (I ran into multiple people during my stay that were making comments about how it sounded like there was a loose cable in elevator ""G""), the beds were extremely uncomfortable, the bathroom door was disgusting, the paint job looked like it was done by a bad landlord who was painting over other paint just to get it done. Overall the stay was not worth the price that I had paid.",2
50, April 2022,Worst Option at This Price Range,"This is without a doubt the worst hotel option for a stay in NYC at this price range. The rooms are smaller than portrayed in the pictures (there is probably only a couple of feet between beds and walls). The bed sizes are also confusingly displayed among the reservation options. The closet size is good only if you bring ONE carry-on suitcase (total!). The AC must have needed some cleaning, because the air in the room smelled horribly, and I actually got sick for letting it on one night. The windows glasses are dirty. The noise between rooms is unbearable, you can hear people coughing and watching TV like they're in a different room of the same house. Literally, as the walls between rooms have locked doors that must connect adjacent rooms. (And obviously you can hear when",1
51, April 2022,Not good hotel. Nor experience ! Very horrible,"Room was dirty , house keeping wasnt on top of things requested more blanket and pillow . Never received . Room super small. Never again i do not recommend to stay here at all. Asked to upgrade bc of the dirtiness told me they couldnt do nothing nor clean it . Horrible!",1
52, April 2022,Nice getaway in NYC,"Nice room, great location and friendly staff. Second time staying at this place and would stay again. Pretty competitive price for NYC. Staff at the cafe very nice. Some rooms are better than others.",5
53, March 2022,"Okay stay, small and noisy room.","Checked in at 16.30 on a Monday with no problem, no queue and lady at reception was very polite and welcoming. Resort fee equated to £121 GBP, which I had to pay twice as I had booked 2 rooms, expensive, however no issues as I was aware of these fees prior to booking. Stayed in room 1431 for 4 nights. Room was very small with a small bathroom, bed was comfortable and made everyday which was appreciated. Small radiator in bathroom was permanently on full heat which made the room very hot and uncomfortable through the night, I did request for this to be turned off, but it never was, so I left the bathroom window open to allow some cool air to circulate. The room backed onto the elevators which made a constant noise until around 02.00am every night, so take your earplugs to drown",3
54, April 2022,"Ok, for a one or two night stay.","The room was dirty. The bath was broken, there was dust in the mirror, and used cotton buds on the floor by the side of the bed. The lobby was pretty, and I was expecting the room to be nice, but the rooms did not live up to expectation, and was very small.",2
55, April 2021,Great place. Coming again in June,Great experience. Nice staff and very helpful. Clean Rooms. Only thing I would say is that the bar should've been open on a more consistent basis. It was closed Fri/Sat/Sun. The location of the hotel is great as well.,5
56, February 2022,complain about your room if you’re not happy.,"We were allocated a room in feb 2022 which was disgusting, on the same floor as homeless people living there for free etc. one call to our holiday provider and we were magically upgraded to a lovely room. We were actually debating leaving the hotel altogether because of how disgusting the original room was.. complain if you’re not happy!! Something needs to be done here!! We are still waiting for our security deposit back too. The hotel are very slow at getting back to you unless you make the problems public like we had to with our holiday provider. Photos of our first room have been attached.",2
57, April 2022,Not doing it again,Room was small. Bathroom was tiny. Facilities fee was a joke. Advertised price was competitive but a bunch of fees were added after booking. Sure it’s a way for NYC to justify coming back. But this is not the hotel to come back with.,2
58, April 2022,Not What I Expected,"My family and I booked Row NYC on April 7th-11th. Upon walking into the lobby we were met with a long check-in line and dimly lit environment. There were only 2 receptionist who seemed overwhelmed and only one of the receptionist (the African American female), seemed caring enough to apologize for the guests long wait time. Entering the elevators no matter which one I was directed to enter F or G was filthy and disgusting and shall I add smelt horrible. The bedroom were small, items in the room damaged and patched up, the charging outlets did not charge our phones, the dust in the room was so thick that it had my daughter coughing and sneezing the entire stay. The air conditioner in the room so loud we could hardly hear one another talk. I think a cruise bathroom was bigger than",2
59, April 2022,If I could give 0 Stars I would,"While I tried to call and take care of this with a manager, apparently no one at the hotel wanted to talk to me. I have worked for 15 years in a customer service based industry (food) and understand that things happen. It is how we handle those things that show who we are. I arrived at Row at 7pm to a dark and dismal hotel, fine. Then I got to check in. The line was long, and not moving. After 15 minutes, someone finally came and said, by the way our system crashed and we can't check people in. They sent everyone away with the promise that the system ""should"" be back later. I went to dinner, and came back around 8. Surprise surprise, the system was still down, and the line was still long. Now, they were assigning rooms, but were not able to make keys. If you wanted to get",1
60, April 2022,Would't stay here again.,"This hotel needs some love. Big water stain with paint peeling over check in desk in lobby. Every part of hotel is very dimly lit. Floor s showing wear. Housekeeping cleaned our room, yet the same penny and the same piece of paper remained on the floor between the beds for 3 days. The toilet in our room was so close to the sink that it was difficult to properly sit. No coffee makers in room and cafe in lobby didn't open until 7:30am. There were multiple guests waiting for cafe to open. I asked for a refrigerator at time of booking via email(I had medication I had to refrigerate). . I reminded them again when checking in and then when we arrived back from dinner. No refrigerator arrived and my medication spent the night in an ice bucket. Manager wanted to credit me one",3
61, April 2022,Funky place,"The hotel is funky and full of New York atmosphere. Very few amenities. Great staff! Especially Nelson. We'll stay here in September though to see ""Phantom of the Opera""! The elevator situation is a little scary.",3
62, April 2022,Nice room not nice check in,"The rooms are fine, location great. Service at the desk is in serous need of improvement. One or two employees to check people in or out is insufficient and one employee was outright rude to someone standing near me when she asked how long it would take. I’ve stayed at this property before and it really needs management’s attention.",3
63, April 2022,"You should avoid this Hotel, it is dark dismal and disappointing","I have stayed in very many hotels around the world and in every continent but must say that the Row Hotel was probably the worst that I have experienced. It was all very obvious from when you enter from the street, you are met with two flights of concrete steps with no directional signs and no one to welcome you. Eventually you reach a long slow moving queue to reach reception. Here you are met with possibly the rudest check in clerk I have ever met. After check in you are left on your own to find the lifts.Expect further long waits before a lift becomes available to take to your room. There were always queues for the lift and you had to allow 10 minutes to reach your room or leave the hotel. The corridors that lead to the room are dark poorly lit with dangerous alcoves. A",1
64, April 2022,Hotel condition,"Great location for sightseeing. Photos on website very deceiving. Very small room, in need of redecoration. Quite grotty conditions within room. Rudy security staff, not at all helpful and very abrupt when speaking to guests. Would not stay there again.",1
65, April 2022,Great hotel,My daughter and I took a trip to New York for her birthday.. I was kinda bummed that they didn’t offer free breakfast but it is New York.. overall the staff was super friendly.. the maids were Great with service and helpful with anything we needed.. everything you need is really close and there are several shops near by that have amazing food.. overall we really enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay again in the future!,5
66, March 2022,Worse check-in process than TSA at an airport !,"Check -in took 1 hour and 10 minutes. the queue and the discontent keep growing and the time went by. It felt like a TSA experience! There was ONE person checking in, while two more people tried to log-in the system to contribute with the check-in process. I have never experienced anything like that and hope never will. The room was very clean and comfortable. When I was trying to sleep late at night and around 9: 30 am there were knocks on the door from the Service.",3
67, April 2022,Won't stay here again,"I came to New York on the 29th March 2022, we booked a 2 part trip through Virgin hidays and stayed at the Row as part of the package. The hotel is tired and is in need of a full revamp..parts of the hotel are dirty beyond cleaning and things just need to be replaced. Linens were fine (bedding, towels) but the rooms were small, items in there damaged and patched up to avoid replacing things. The location of the hotel is good for a first time in new york but the standard of the hotel means I wouldn't recommend staying here. I didn't take enough pictures really but curtains (which are just for decoration) we're filthy, just take them down?! Dirty windows and ironing board cover in pieces.",1
68, April 2022,"Bad experience, our room was robbed on Row NYC!","Hello good morning. My name is Thais, I stayed with two friends, Viviane and Isabella, between April 1st and 5th at the Row NYC hotel in room 806. We saw the hotel's classification as 4 stars and many reviews, some good and others not so much. Our biggest factor to consider was the location and we were also confident that it would be a comfortable option for the 3 of us. When we arrived at the hotel, we checked in and then I went to ask a question with one of the attendants and he was extremely rude to me and my friends, he told us that we should wait for him to call us to be answered, but there was no guest in the desk so I believed he was free. We were already very upset to be welcomed this way, at all times we were super polite and we would never mistreat anyone in that",1
69, April 2022,Stayed in better hostels,"Stayed here with my dad recently and the hotel is not what I expected. It was booked via British Airways holidays so I expected a good standard. I made a mistake with the initial booking and only got a double bed room, I emailed the hotel to ask if this could be changed to a twin. I received a reply which gave me the impression this had been done. When we arrived we had one double bed, I explained I could not share a bed with my dad and the receptionist was very unsympathetic. She said just because I had requested a twin doesn't mean I was going to get one. If I had known this I would of changers hotels. I offered to pay for an upgrade to a twin room and was told there were not available, try again in a couple of days. I ended up buying a sleeping bag etc and sleeping on the",1
70, March 2022,Shameful Room Standards,"Very disappointed, left feeling overpaid. Room definitely unsatisfactory. Changed to another room, again unsatisfactory to cleaning standards of 4star hotels. Lifts a disaster, not working. Only service lift available that worked. Manager unable to resolve unsatisfactory guests. Location only positive. Pictures advertised not true reflection of room standards. Electrical sockets dangerous. Rooms dirty, carpet needs replaced, rooms need validation of cleaning as very dirty. Overall experience was poor. Still waiting refund on resort fees as discussed with duty manager.",1
71, April 2022,Stay was Eh!,Accommodations were average. Service and front desk attentiveness was lacking. Very hard to get in touch with hotel via phone call. Power outlets were loose. Plugged in devices often powered off. View of city was nice with the add on upgrade.,3
72, April 2022,Comfort in the Heart of the Theatre District!,"Easy check in, Quiet, clean and comfortable room! Walk right out into the theatre district with restaurants and coffee shops within steps of the hotel. The great thing about this neighborhood is that you can find all levels of prices for food and drinks. Also, you are Times Square adjacent, so out of the throngs of people so you can relax a bit more!",5
73, April 2022,Terrible Hotel and Rude Staff,"This is the worse Hotel in Times Square. Reception staff are extremely rude. We checked in and left the hotel only to come back to our key not working. I tried calling the reception from the house phone and they did not answer. I went downstairs to the reception , and the receptionist said I have to wait for 6 guests ahead of me to get my key fixed. We asked for a disposable tooth brush and they did not even bother bring one up. Terrible stay and Hotel! pay the extra $$$ if you can afford it because it is worth it",1
74, April 2022,Times Square,The room Was smaller than I thought but I’m from Texas so that’s all I will say about that. But area of the hotel right near Times Square was awesome for the price l. Staff was friendly and nice. They have Starbucks coffee,4
75, March 2022,Great Location,"Great hotel in a great Location in the heart of Theatre district and Times square, and walking distance to most attractions. This hotel is very, very busy and I have read other reviews complaining about the lift service. in the 6 nights we were there we never waited any more than a couple of minutes for a lift. the rooms have everything you need comfy bed, hair dryer, Iron and ironing board as well as a safe, you can ask for a Kettle at the front desk if you require one. even though this hotel was busy I never heard any noise at all. I would definitely stay here again.",5
76, April 2022,Recent visit.,"Returned on Tuesday after a 5 night stay. On check in we were told our room was standard & the receptionist Junior told us to report back the following day for a room upgrade as he wasn’t happy with the room given. Once arriving in our room it looked out at the side of another building, we were right behind the elevators, hearing the clinking noises constantly drove us crazy. When we reported to reception the next day, we were abruptly welcomed by the hotel manager as he introduced himself, who was extremely rude and point blank refused to move our room. It was a great shame that the hotel manager spoke to us so appallingly and treated the guests like this when all other members of staff were lovely and welcoming! Other than that the location was fab & right round the corner",2
77, April 2022,Not Clean,Our room was dirty We found someone else’s under farmers Parts of the ceiling was falling down Our blanket had a spot on it I could go on and on but it was evident that cleanliness was not a priority for this hotel.,2
78, March 2022,Overall ok,"Small but clean bedroom... quite hard to fit 2 peopl if they are going for turism and staying a week with 2 big luggage. Staff always ready to help and friendly, just very long waiting line for the check in. Bad review for the gym as it has only basic tools",4
79, April 2022,Small But Good,"The room was very small. nothing like the pictures. The AC went out on our 3rd day there. Other than that the room was fine. The bed was comfortable. Overall it was a good place to stay. We were minutes from everything. Broadway shows, and Times Square.",4
80, March 2022,Very Enjoyable,"I was very impressed with the security checking all who came on the property. This made me feel safe. The housekeeping was great. The morning prior to leaving (Saturday 4 am), when I inquired about the transportation the lady whom I did not get her name was very polite and told me that just to ask the door man and he will get us transportation. The morning of my departure to airport (4:00 am), I inquired at the check in desk, I asked Benny how to get transportation to the airport. Benny said that Row doesn't do this. I then said that the night clerk prior did say that the door man could get transportation. Benny said no we do not have a door man until 7:00 am. I was a little upset so I went downstairs to see how to get transportation. As I was down stairs I noticed a gentleman",4
81, February 2022,Worst experience,"I had booked a trip to nyc through a travel agent. My friend and I arrived to the row hotel checked in paid the city fee and also had a hold put on the card. We went up to the room and were shocked at the dirt, the sink was clogged up with filth, dirt on the toilet, used stained towels dumped under the sink, stained walls stained bedding, dirty carpet etc. We went back down to reception to complain and were moved to another room, same situation again uncleaned dirty room with rubbish left from the previous guests in the room. My friend and I had multiple pieces of luggage and it was such a hassle back and forth to reception so we rang from this room, the manager said she would inspect the next room and bring the key to us for the next room !! Arrival to the third room (which was",1
82, April 2022,NYC Stay,"The room was clean, location was great. The TV did not work well on the room- not in NYC to watch TV, but it should work. Did not spend much time in the hotel room, in town to see a show at St. James Theater- just around the corner.",4
83, March 2022,Fab hotel,"Myself and my 13 year old Daughter stayed at Row hotel for 4 nights, prior to our visit I contacted hotel via facebook to ask for a room with great views as we should of gone for my Daughters birthday 2020 but due covid missed her 12th then 13th, they got back to me and said this would be noted, well what can I say we had an amazing corner room on 25th floor with amazing views! Room was clean and housekeeping made beds and gave us clean fresh towels each day, No prob with lift yea few mins wait but no probs, staff all lovely and friendly, hotel round corner from Time square and restaurants literally outside door in any direction We had a marvellous time and really loved the hotel and hopefully will return and book again. Thankyou Row hotel you made our stay so enjoyable. Fiona",5
84, March 2022,"Very clean, friendly staff","The room was great, clean fresh linen daily, very good location for Times Square and juniors is just around the corner. They had fresh tea or coffee in the morning in there cafe, little shop on site, also had a gym, didn’t use that.",4
85, March 2022,READ REVIEWS FIRST!,"The staff are incredibly unhelpful. The lift system is so slow, on a bad day you can wait for 20 minutes to get a lift up to the room as we were only on the 21st floor. We booked for my partners 30th birthday so I spent £25 on an international call ahead of time to ask if they could arrange for some flowers etc to be put in the room and obviously settle the bill either over the phone or when we arrive. I was told that they can’t cater for that and I will have to order flowers separately to be delivered to the hotel and then they’ll locate the room number and put them in ready for arrival. This didn’t happen. So I asked at reception if the flowers arrived as I had a confirmation email to say they had, I also asked for an extra pillow at the same time. Luckily they were there.",1
86, March 2022,Super small room,My room was very clean and quiet but so small there wasn’t even a desk or chair included. The lobby was dingy and the floor was dirty. But the location is great for seeing Broadway shows and for visiting the Modern Art museum.,3
87, March 2022,Great trip,Nice room. Close to restaurant and the theater. The room was to our liking and quiet. Enjoyed our dinner and Moulin Rouge. Have stayed at the Row 5 times. Will stay there again on our next trip.,5
88, March 2022,Meh,"Not good rooms. Bad reception service. Staff were not always helpfull and the room itself, though it was cleaned, it was definitely not upto the standards shown in the photographs of the place prior to booking",2
89, March 2022,"Great Location, staff need a customer service seminar","At check in we heard other customer’s being treated with a nice greeting and polite help, the woman who checked us in was like a robot I think she said about 5 words, one being visa, she didn’t explain the additional charge still not sure if it was a deposit or taxes and she didn’t even tell us which way to go until prompted. They gave us 3 pillows in a double bed, the AC/heating machine would randomly turn on and sound like a tornado around 5am every night waking us up, Great location but tiny room and we could hear the door next store as it was literally touching ours and we paid over $500, maids was polite and baggage room staff",3
90, March 2022,Awesome hotel! Highly recommend!!,"Great stay, highly recommend! I chose this hotel based on its super location, situated just a few steps away from Times Square and Central Park. Staff was super warm and friendly and made our stay comfortable as ever. Even mentioned to them that I planned on proposing to my gf on this trip and got our room upgraded! The city views are breathtakingly gorgeous!",4
91, March 2022,"Old, dirty and not the one","Really old, dirty and dimly lit. Very old lift system too. Just did not like the vibe of the hotel, would not stay again. Literally slept with socks on and wouldn’t feel comfy walking around barefoot. Dusty, dirty and old. Location is good, but not worth it.",2
92, March 2022,First and last stay,"Great location. In Times Square and accessible to a lot. However, there was so many people staying in the hotel at once which made the elevator wait time way too long. Also, the room and bed was extremely small and uncomfortable. I wouldn’t stay again.",1
93, March 2022,I would stay again because of reasonable price.,Very good for the price. Hallways are dark and bathroom was very tight for a senior. Otherwise not bad. The location is close to Broadway Stages and shopping. There’s a cafe on the next corner with the best coffee and breakfast roll.,3
94, March 2022,Price out of range,"Pictures of the hotel make no justice to the reality of the hotel’s condition Everyone thing is old, broken, dirty or not working We left the next day we arrived Extremely disappointing I’m still expecting a sincere apology Not from the hotel, which I KNOW is certainly very aware of the scam, but from BOOKING.COM who has still their ad up and unwarned This is a hotel for a < $80 / night They are charging triple that value just because it’s close to Times Sq Your choice",2
95, March 2022,Nice option,"Excellent location and fair price; room has the basic we needed; staff are friendly and try to manage the security very well. The building and rooms are old but well maintained, some few thing that could be improved, like a little more cleaning.",5
96, March 2022,Not What I Was Expecting,"Researched on-line and found The Row to have a good location for our visit, and reasonable rates and options. Booked directly with the hotel, not a secondary service, and upgraded for ""Premium City View"" ""Up here on our higher floors...take in unobstructed Manhattan views"" so that during our visit we would be: ""Situated on the highest floors of the hotel, you can enjoy panoramic views across Manhattan."" Well, when we checked in, we were assigned a room on the THIRD floor, not ""on the highest floors"" I asked for a higher floor, and was told there was only one room available, and upon getting to the room, discovered a ""panoramic view"" across the airshaft to the service corridor (picture below). Definitely NOT ""panoramic"" and NOT an ""unobstructed Manhattan view"" Two of the three",2
97, March 2022,New York visit.,We really had a great experience at the ROW NY. How do you associates from the Front desk housekeeping and front door were very friendly. Junior the hotel associate was extremely helpful friendly and a pleasure to have had him assist us. I will definitely recommend this hotel. Great location. Made our New York visit great.,5
98, March 2022,Very Slow Elevator Service,The elevator service to the floors about 15 was extremely slow. Many times we waited for a elevator because only one elevator was running to the upper floors and the crowd of people was so large the elevator could not carry many people.,3
99, March 2022,Horrible place dirty,It was a unpleasant experience.. I checked in my room then other people were also checked into my room .. it was dirty sheets were not clean room was not vacuumed.. it was not clean at all .. phone to call room service doesn’t work and outlets.. I called the manager the after seeing the conditions of room but he ended up giving me the exact or even worse room .. it’s expensive for what you pay and to have a filthy room is ridiculous.. Never will I stay there again ..,1
100, March 2022,Mr J,"I got charged for an upgrade.when I got to the room remind me of motel 6 no cooler, no coffee maker Old room paint stinks 🦨😩 A deluxe room!? Not worth it at all. Sorry but I was expecting something better for the price. Location not bad at all but it really needs some updates.",1
101, March 2022,Never Going to Come Here Again,"My class and I spent one night of our 3 night trip. Multiple of my class mates had security come to their rooms around 9pm what their stay for here were. The staff kept asking what rooms we were in. One of my classmates kept getting the wrong room key from the front desk. I had both the deadbolt and latch on, no one came into my room but my classmate forgot to and someone walked in on her in the middle of the night. We did not feel safe here.",1
102, March 2022,Don’t do it!!!!!,"From the moment we steps in it went DARK! Rooms weren’t ready at 2pm we had to wait until 4pm ( after a flight from the UK). Lifts were dark and old and you had to wait about 15 minutes in the morning for a lift to arrive. Corridors were DARK and not a nice feeling to be walking along if you were on your own. Rooms - well, very small, hole in the wall for you wardrobe, you could sit in the toilet and do everything you wanted from there as the bathroom was so small! Asked for a twin room and got a small double. Large gap under the door so when people were smoking in the corridors the awful smell came under the door. Reported the smoking to security nothing was done. Location was great but if you want a nice hotel to go back to and relax do not stay here!!",1
103, March 2022,Can't beat the location!,"Overall, a good experience. The only downside is that there's nothing really to do on the hotel property due to the fact that restaurants are closed, but this is probably out of their control. Room was nice and you can't beat the location since it's only a block away from Times Square!",4
104, March 2022,Interestingly Allocated Budget,"My stay at the Row was pretty good. Sure, it's New York, so the rooms are going to be smaller than average. But what really confused me was how despite having 6 elevators, it was one of if not the slowest elevator experience I've ever had at a hotel. I ended up using the service elevator more because it was faster. The lobby is the nicest part of the hotel. The rooms are just fine. Nothing is complimentary, and they kick you out of the lounge at noon. The location is either great or terrible depending on how you feel about Times Square. There's food available on the block and directly across the street at all times, which was awesome. Staff was friendly and I didn't have any big problems. It'll do just fine for most people.",3
105, March 2022,Very disappointed..overall,"First, it took about 45 minutes waiting in line to check in. Room was clean; however, the heater was making so much noise we had to turn it off. Called room service, front desk, housekeeping and nobody answered. Reservations answered and switched me back to the hotel front desk... still no answer. Only two elevators were working so it was always a long wait to come and go. I won't stay in this hotel again.",2
106, February 2022,A solo traveller just sending a few days in the city,"When booking I knew this hotel from years ago as the Milford Plaza so was aware of its age, size and location which by the way was ideal for me. OK the bad and the good. The bad, checking in! One person serving with a huge queue the last thing you need after an extremely busy travel day, so slow it was painful and not the best start to my trip must have waited over half an hour which felt like forever. Over my trip I saw many other people struggling with this frustration. Just get a second person it's not rocket science as this really let's the place down. The much hyped breakfast bar and Market area were both closed for the duration of my stay but I probably wouldn't have used them anyway re hotel prices in general but it would have been good to have had the choice. The",4
107, March 2022,"Good location and price, but ridiculously slow elevators","Prior to booking this hotel, I checked out reviews on here and other review sites. I saw that one of the main complaints was the slow elevators. I thought it couldn't really be that bad, but I was wrong. The slow elevator service definitely made our vacation more stressful, as you would have to allow an extra 30 minutes when leaving in the mornings. Once you got back to your room in the evening, you were essentially stuck there because it was even slower as people filed in at night. For this reason alone, I would never consider staying here again. The staff was friendly, and the housekeeping staff did a great job on our room each day. Check in and check out was simple, and storing our luggage was quick as well. If the elevator issue wasn't a factor, I'd recommend the place,",3
108, March 2022,"Nice staff dealing with an old, malfunctioning building - elevators never worked regularly","-All the staff were very friendly and patient. From the check in, to the housekeeping and maintenance staff we met, to the porters who kept our luggage on the day we checked out so we didn't have to lug it around the city. -The main elevators did not work consistently and we just used the service elevator in order to save 20 minutes every time we wanted to go to our room. - Half the electric plugs in the room were nonfunctional. The ""resort fee"" is a bit lame for wi-fi. -The water was not very hot and there was very little water pressure, iffy drainage -Hallway and lobby lighting dark",3
109, March 2022,New York March 2022,"Excellent location and housekeeping. Very quick check-in and check out. Very good elevator system no long waits and I was on the 24th floor Close to all theatres and plenty of eateries, Good baggage store and help with taxi to airport",5
110, March 2022,TUI Customer ***please do not use this hotel*,"“The city that never sleeps” ??? bar closes at 11:00pm, we asked for a coffee to take away at 10:50 and was refused ….receptionists were really rude No tea and coffee facilities in the room ? Never stayed anywhere with no drinks facilities to make ourselves. Room is terrible….2 star rating and I’m being kind. Location is the only good thing . Honest review",1
111, March 2022,Recommend for location and extremely friendly staff,"This place is funky, modern, unique decor, clean, and has super friendly staff. Can’t beat location for price. The location is great & got it for a good price. I would recommend this place. It’s not a resort environment but you go there for Manhattan!",5
112, March 2022,The ONLY advantage is its location - Exorbitant Resort fees,"This was the 6th (sixth!) time that I stayed at the Row. Over many years. In 2012, 2013, 2017 and 2022. In 2017 and 2022 I stayed there twice. So, why give it a 2 out of 5? Because the hotel is old, it is not particularly clean, the AC seems to have a mind of its own, most of the staff appear to be irritable and not open to suggestions (although I simply love the housekeepers. Always with a smile on their faces). The elevators malfunction more frequently than would be acceptable, it takes forever for another one to be available. No staff member in sight to organize lines for the elevators. Last time I was there, there were around twenty people waiting to go up, and NONE of the EIGHT elevators were working. After complete mayhem, one staff member came and started to bark at us",2
113, February 2022,Good location but no refund!,Location was good but paid a deposit on the room which was to be returned and over a month later there is still no return on the deposit! Tried to get into contact with the hotel and no reply in any way at all!,2
114, March 2022,Inexpensive and comfortable room in the heart of the theatre district,"Inexpensive and comfortable room. I made the decision because of the price and its location in the theatre district, literally around the corner from where we were seeing a show. Close to Penn Station. After I booked, I read the reviews that talked about the check in process taking a long time. The only issue I had was at check in, where in fact there was a 1/2 hour line to check in, which is really a long time to make people wait to check in. At one point there was one person at the check in desk and literally 60 people waiting in line. I felt like I was in a security line at an airport. I highly recommend that the management look at scheduling enough people around 3pm when all the guests are checking in.",4
115, March 2022,The worst,"Bed sheets were dirty and blood stains on them, bathroom tub was dirty as well and sockets barley worked. They even told me that they don’t clean the rooms everyday. I asked them to clean the sheets the day I came and they didn’t until the last day of me being there",1
116, March 2022,Slow check-in AND check-out - surly staff,"I really wanted to like this hotel as I used to stay in it when it was the Milford Plaza, but the check-in process took forever as did check-out. Our Room temperature was too warm and stuffy and adjusting the thermostat provided no results. We had a leak in the ceiling over the bathroom sink which was never addressed despite being reported twice. I went to the bar on two separate occasions and the bartender blatantly ignored me both times.",2
117, March 2022,Overall Experience,Front desk was efficient and kind. It was a disaster with some elevators out of service or having to keep opening door to get it to work. Kind tall security personnel took us on service elevator. We switched hotels since I am claustrophobic. Service bar did not have half and half for coffee for 2 days. Unfortunately Beto was off. He is wonderful and gives exceptional customer service.,3
118, March 2022,NYC HOTEL,"Good experience overall,friendly and helpful staff lift system can be improved,waiting too long during certain periods of the day.Hotel is well situated and close to subway.It seems to be a popular hotel as there were always new groups arriving",4
119, March 2022,"Nice location, hotel was ok, looked nicer on line.","If you are going to show a lobby bar it should be open. I don’t usually sleep on beds with no box spring. Kind of felt like a futon bed. View was ok but I paid xtra and arrived on a Thursday, I would think they could have found something better.",3
120, March 2022,Dirt bag hovel is possibly still too high a compliment ! AVOID,"This place is absolutely filthy I would not recommend staying! When we arrived the queue to checkin took over 45minutes we eventually got our keys and went to the 26th floor . It’s dark and dinghy and poorly lit the lift takes ages to get as well which doesn’t help after a huge wait to check in. Face masks food waste and other litter in the corridor. Large groups partying smoking weed . The room was tiny but an absolute dirt bag of a place about 6ft by 6ft with an additional bathroom which also was so dirty. Our room opened to a brick wall the radiator and skirting boards thick black dust . Punched hole in the wall , tea coffee stains on walls. Brown speckled bedding in both rooms other reviewers say it’s faecal matter ! Cigarette burns on furniture. I have honestly",1
121, March 2022,Standards slipped,Having stayed here in 2018 we were looking forward to staying here again. Unfortunately dirty carpets and windows and an extraordinary wait on lifts to and from reception was disappointing. Security was lacking. A homeless person was on the 21st floor begging on one evening. Would be difficult to recommend the hotel again. Also when booking all taxes and charges should be outlined.,2
122, March 2022,Excellent,"Excellent customer service, excellent hotel staff and a superb experience in Manhattan! I would return to the Row NYC Hotel again and I highly recommend this Hotel to anyone who wants a great experience in New York.",5
123, March 2022,Disappointing Hotel,"When we arrived we queued for over 1hr. When I questioned why, they said they had problems with the computers. However we saw queues similar to ours on a daily basis. We had a standard queen room on the 27th floor. It was small but clean, we regularly saw the maids who checked we had everything we needed. The bar was low on stock, and often witnessed the staff advising customers that certain drinks were not available. The seating area within this area was rubbish. It’s quite a big space and could be put to better use. We never witnessed city kitchen being open. That maybe due to us being out and about, but we did witness every morning people sitting in the wooden stepped area. Again unsure if it is meant for that purpose. Pictures on the website make the hotel look great with",1
124, March 2022,Average hotel,The hotel was okay. For such a large place they only have 2 people working the front desk. They don’t have stairs and the elevators take forever because of that. My “ upgraded” room was so mediocre and there were so many stains on the sheets. The lighting wasn’t even that bright either. Most of the complaints are about the rooms.,2
125, March 2022,Messy,Dirty. Staff not helpful. Harassed for room key at elevators. Not every customer. Just me. The busy part was expected but the ten minute wait for an elevator was not. No tv at hotel bar. Will not go again.,2
126, March 2022,"Overall, nice stay.","It was a nice stay and everyone was really nice and helpful, especially when my 10-year-old got sick on our last night. However, the elevator system was terrible, and the bed was uncomfortable. But I would stay again.",3
127, March 2022,Good Location,"Room was clean and comfortable. Like the location, personnel were very accommodating The only negative. would be the elevators, the wait time is very long. One day one of the cleaning staff let us use the service elevator because it was so long. It was most appreciated that he did.",4
128, March 2022,Felt Catfished,The room was smaller than expected. Elevator system is horrible so many people trying to get on smaller elevators. The stay was decent but things weren’t as expected. A/C also didn’t work. I don’t think I will stay here again.,2
129, March 2022,Friendly staff,"I was there for a class at NYU. The location was great. I do want to let you know that your cleaning staff is wonderful! They were always kind and friendly. You also provided breakfast for our students. That staff was great, too!",4
130, March 2022,"Central Location, average / below par hotel (WATCH OUT FOR FEES!)","Stayed last week, all I can say is you get what you pay for, don't think I will be rushing back! Positives: Time Square Central Location is Good Bedding was Clean and room cleaned every day Water was always hot TV worked and had a remote Rooms were compact - but functional Negatives: Reception in hotel is quite hectic and tired The lifts and corridors smell quite strongly of weed Rooms in the close proximity of lifts can be quite loud Waiting for lifts can be very frustrating and can take 10 minutes or so per trip. General decor was outdated Some minor damage to furniture Finally, resort fees of $40 dollars per night on top of the stay (still cant get my head around this!) killed the trip as well. Overall, dont expect to return to this hotel quickly, would suggest",2
131, March 2022,Location & price!!! Would visit again. Some minor issues.,"Front desk woman was very kind. Staffers in general were nice! We were able to check in super early at around 1230 instead of the advertised 4 pm check in. This was amazing for us and gave us much more flexibility in our day. Some wait times at the desk but it didn’t really bother us since that’s typical. We were on the 15th floor with no view. The room is small but it was a good size for two of us. Bed was comfy and pillows were fine. I think overall the room was clean given the fact that they are a very large hotel with quick turnovers. The rooms really need a deep clean and some things need to be replaced such as the curtains that had white paint on them. Our duvet had some wine stains, the bathroom needs a deep cleaning for things like the grout. The hotel is modern but",4
132, March 2022,New York holiday,So after the longest 2 years with no holiday we was so looking forward to our stay at The Row. The website looks amazing however the reality is its nothing like what the hotel is selling itself as To start with the hotel is very tired and drastically needs a renovation the decor and general appearance is shabby. There is a strange elevator system in place where you type your floor number into a keypad and have to wait at a specific elevator along with another 20 guests. The length of time to get back and forth to your room is ridiculous. The hotel staff very uninterested in resolving any problems. The hotel seems to have a very anti social vibe to it. A constant smell on the corridors of guests smoking cannabis groups of guests having room parties at all hours of the day and,1
133, March 2022,Terrible Customer Service over the phone; Charged for a stay I did not make,"I DID NOT STAY AT ROW AND WAS STILL CHARGED FOR IT. I did stay at a partner hotel and tried to extend my stay by one night, I had to call several times, and the associates didn't know what they were doing and connected me to who knows where, then booked me at the wrong hotel, then called and asked for my credit card information again. I spoke with the manager who was NO help. Managers should have some authority to make things right... I cancelled the reservation and stayed elsewhere. I was assured my card would not be charged... and it was...",1
134, March 2022,Better then expected,"After reading many reviews I was hesitant about staying at this hotel and was close to swapping hotels. On arrival it took 10 minutes to check in and staff was very helpful. We never waited longer then a minute for the elevator. We had a slight issue with our first room and the staff gave us a free upgrade and a new room which was very spacious and had amazing views. Wifi worked well and TV had a wide selection of channels. Bed was extremely comfy. Location is very central and in the middle of everything. At night time the staff ask you to show your room card before entering the elevator. The staff in the suitcase storage once you check out are amazing and even carried our cases out and even got a cab for us. Overall, I was very surprised due to previous reviews and I would 100%",5
135, March 2022,Winter at ROW,"Row Hotel has an excellent location, very close to all the attractions. The staff is very friendly and the service is excellent. They offer very attractive rates that any individual or group can afford.",5
136, March 2022,Elevator waits hampered our trip,"Stayed 2 x in the past 6 yrs and was happy with price to value ratio. This last trip not so much. On arrival beds made but dirty linen and trash still in room, and the window was filthy (paid a bit more for a room with a view). The topper really is the wait for an elevator above the 15th floor, it was ridiculous. One side of elevators serves 1-15 floors, other side serves 16-28. Seems like most every time we needed to leave from the 21st floor, we we’re waiting 5 to 10 minutes at best. Elevators hold maybe 7 -8 people if packed and would be full before you could get on. Cost to value ratio dropped and will check other hotels next visit to NYC.",3
137, March 2022,Excellent Hotel!!!,"I like this hotel for its location and comfort. I've been staying in it for 20 years. Good price, attention and quality. It is close to some restaurants and theaters that I prefer. I can walk to many places of interest and it is also close to the train. The hotel is remodeled, and the room and bathroom are in excellent condition. We stayed with a group of friends to whom I recommended the hotel and they were delighted.",5
138, March 2022,Short and sweet,"Everything good, but the H elevator was broken. Beds were very comfortable, didn’t want to get out. The safe was helpful. The toilet flusher was loud. The staff was helpful. Refreshing after a long day of walking in the cold.",5
139, March 2022,Hotel,Everything was amazing the only thing I didn’t like was the elevators they are super small and they take forever to come up and down. But other than that everything was good and the staff was kind. I really like it,5
140, March 2022,"Dirty Bathroom, nice room and service","The bathrooms were dirty and the tub had mold in it. I needed to buy ziploc bags to cover my feet. The blankets were stained and so were the shower curtains. The room is nice and small but that’s not a big deal for me, I was more concerned about cleanliness. The staff were really nice though.",3
141, March 2022,Lodging in a High-Rise Dump/Crime Scene,"The hotel was a far cry from what was described in the advertisement. It took 30 minutes to check in, and the lobby was sweltering. The staff was rude. They insisted that I had not prepaid (even though I could prove I had prepaid for the room through an online booking site). They charged my credit card for the full price. Then when I insisted they double check, they agreed to credit my card. According the reviews on multiple sites, this is a frequent issue with this hotel (many people saying that they still have not gotten their money back after being overcharged). The room was small and dingy. The sheets smelled like human feces (other guests who have left reviews have also complained of brown spots on sheets that smell like feces). The elevators felt dark and dangerous when",1
142, March 2022,With some sacrifices or lower expectations you can't beat the price for its location,"First and foremost, let me get this out of the way. I am giving Row NYC a 4 for for its price compared to accommodations. If you think you are booking this hotel at the base prices they charge and getting luxury or a room without issues you are sorely mistaken. This is a definitely a you get what you paid for type of hotel. Now for the review. I agree with most reviews that the hotel is slightly dated with very dim lighting throughout the hotel. The employees were nice and accommodating. Check-in was fairly quick. Even though the room was not ready, I was able to check on Friday morning and return at 4pm to retrieve my card keys. They allow you to drop your luggage or any bags you have free of charge (although tipping is reminded). The lobby is spacious although",4
143, March 2022,Horrible,The Rooms were so nasty and dirty there was food crumbs and chocolate left on the night stand table the bathroom had hair in the tub floor was not moped the rug had crumbs it was just horrible I will never stay there ever again!,1
144, March 2022,Too small,Horrible elevator system. Double beds are large twin size. Unacceptable. Rooms are incredibly small with minimal storage and places to put belongings. Pedestal sink in bathroom with no counter space. No hangers in closet. Bed was comfortable.,3
145, March 2022,Disappointing,"There were some nice things about this hotel: the view from our room was amazing (pics attached to demo!), it was handy being in such a central location, there was a gym & staff were helpful. But overall we were disappointed with Row. We didn't get any wifi in our room and it was generally run down & not that clean (though we know this isn't the fault of the cleaners!). There was a sliding door to the bathroom with a fair gap between it & the wall-so didn't feel like much privacy when you used the toilet! We booked through BA & were shocked when we arrived as the website makes it look nicer than it is. Felt very overpriced for what you get. Would have been nice to have a kettle to make tea/coffee & more storage options to put our things away (although appreciate this is tricky",3
146, March 2022,Location is what I liked the most,The best very close to Times Square as restaurants We stayed there for 4 days room was clean We had a 2 queen beds only one thing room was very small but other than that was perfect I will recommend this hotel to anyone,5
147, March 2022,Very good. Big recomendation,"NYC is a good stay in NY, located in the hart of Manhattan. Very good location, very comfy beds and very clean. Prices are good as the hotel is rather an old one. So a big recommendation for turists, who wont spend a lot of money, but want to be in the middle of happening.",4
148, December 2021,"Good location, Photo's online aren't a true representation.","This hotel is OK, it's you average time square area hotel that's well worn. rooms are tiny - but hey this is NYC we were on the 22nd floor in a city view room, which was a view of hell's kitchens rooftops (sadly... no daredevil..) Check in was smooth, lifts are fast and regular, some NYC hotels you might as well press the button then go get coffee. Theres loads of places to eat, the hotel serves up decent breakfast. and is an excellent location for the 42nd street underground hub & very close to time square, empire state building etc. the staff do their best to keep the place tidy but this is an old hotel in real need of a refit.",3
149, February 2022,"Don’t stay here, worst stay!","Stayed here in February 2022 Upon entering the room, it had been cleaned but was still dirty. Windows were dirty, stains on the wall and curtains, peoples dirty earplugs left in the safe and stains on the bedsheets even after being cleaned each day. No TV remote. Now for the bathroom (where do I start) - pure filth!! Didn’t want to get in the bath in fear of getting dirty, we had to hover over the shower head to get a wash. The water was lukewarm - morning, noon and night. Toilet was more like an airplane toilet with the noise it made with the flush. Don’t think U’ve stayed in a worst place. But on the plus side, it was a comfy bed (the only good thing)!",1
150, March 2022,Great Location,"We Love the Location this was trip 3 am we stay at ROWNYC, There is a convenient store a pizza place a bar and the best is one block seventh Avenue is Times Square. This time it was My Daughter, 3 Grandkids an Myself. I Like the safe feeling because you guys check the key cards. Thank You",5
151, February 2022,Very bad staff,It was a terrible experience. I checked in on Feb22 and stayed an extra day so I extended to the 25th. And noticed there was water leaking some of it was in the bed and other parts were on the cloths. Pieces of paint derby also fell on the bed and heater and i wanted a refund and they only gave for the extend day even though it was the same room. One of Elevator was not maintained either. I want my refund. Back and the manger has not reach out to my email yet. One of the staff hanged up on me and The staff has ignored my calls and e-mails for my full refund as promised originally for having to deal with the ordeal. This was my worse experience in a hotel and worse treatment!,1
152, February 2022,PHENOMINAL experience,"As I stated on my Google review, my stay was PHENOMINAL! Jarrett, Yara, and Mike made sure my stay was ideal. I highly recommend The Row for your NYC stay. I am beyond thankful for this amazing crews help. I don’t remember everyone’s name, but there was not one person I didn’t find to be kind and helpful. Great location, great rooms, great staff!!",5
153, March 2022,Location saves this place,Perfect location but unfortunately there isn’t much else going for this hotel. Not quite sure what the $135 services charge was for as the majority of services at the hotel were closed. Bar was hardly ever open and the food hall is permanently closed. Considering covid is still around the hotel needs a good clean - cleanliness is rubbish. Our room was very dusty and the lifts were never cleaned. One particular lift had a used mask and empty cigarette packet in for 2 days. Hotel corridors on 10th floor permanently stunk of cannabis. We booked a queen room but on check in were told they did not have any left so we were allocated a ‘full’ room - don’t accept a full room as it is only slightly bigger than a single bed. Bathrooms also very tired and in need of update. If it wasn’t,2
154, February 2022,My Favorite!,"This was my second time staying here. Perfect location by Times Square, clean rooms, friendly staff, and amazing prices! I also had a nice view. I will continue to stay here! It is also super updated and cute, and we loved the hotel bar.",5
155, March 2022,Dirty and old- would not stay there again,"Dirty and old, elevators are bad, you can be waiting for 30 minutes till you get some room. Rooms are small, and everything needs un update. Great location. I am aftaid this is the only plus. The place needs to be updated. Overcrowded. It is on a great location, close to theatres.",2
156, March 2022,Great Place to Stay,"Row NYC is convenient to theaters, Times Square, museums, great places to eat and public transportation. Row NYC has friendly helpful staff, reasonable prices, and comfortable rooms. It is a great place to stay when visiting NYC!",4
157, March 2022,Terrible Hotel,the rooms were terrible and the staff wasn't too friendly. I will never recommend it to anyone else but my family loves new york.the rooms were terrible and the staff wasn't too friendly. I will never recommend it to anyone else but my family love new york,1
158, February 2022,A fun place in the heart of it all!,"Always a solid experience!! There’s a photo booth in the lobby (free!) and water bottles in the room (free!) — it’s close to every thing and always a good price. Front desk was really nice, elevators are quick to come, and the lobby coffee shop makes great espresso. We chose this place over a much more expensive place because of its location and cleanliness.",5
159, February 2022,great place,"all was great. staff was great and helpful, very safe hotel to stay in, clean, in the center of NY. Will stay again next year. great view! parking is easy to find just around the block. all was great. have recommended it to many of my friends",5
160, March 2022,Best Hotel in Midtown NYC,The Row is place to stay while in NYC. It never disappoints and the staff are very helpful We saw 3 Broadway shows and were able to walk to all of them at a very short distance. Everything is close by! We love The Row! It's our place to stay in NYC!,5
161, March 2022,"Great location, but...","The location of this hotel is ideal since it's smack in the middle of the theater district. Checking in was a breeze. A few issues I have to mention: the elevator system is absolutely inefficient. The cars are way too small to accommodate the number of guests and I had to wait quite a while in the morning and around supper time to get up to my room. The other issue is not really the hotel's fault, but the place reeks of marijuana. I mentioned this to a member of the housekeeping staff, but she replied there was nothing she could do. Finally, the wearing of face masks is not enforced by the security staff who are more concerned with making sure we have a key card than they are about the health of their guests Although the location is ideal, I will not be staying there again",3
162, February 2022,This is a great location but not the place to be....,"Upon arrival to the location, there was a long line to check-in because they would not check anyone in until 3pm of check-in. The hotel was in a very convenient location. However, my room was not the cleanest. There were crumbs on the floor around the trashcan. The bathroom had hair on the floor and the sink was backing up as I ran the water. The pictures on the website is not what it is perceived to be. Very disappointed in this hotel.",3
163, March 2022,Fantastic Location To Stay,"I have just came back from staying at this hotel. I was aware it was a budget hotel however, I was pleasantly surprised, the service and location was perfect. You are a block from Times Square. Quite dark but funky in the hotel on the landing to the rooms. Plenty of lights so you can see no worries on that. Rooms basic but clean and cleaned everyday replenishing toiletries and towels. I had a problem with the loo flushing and contacted reception within minutes the maintenance guy came and fixed it. They have water/ice on the floor. In the room they provider a water bag you can drink out of and an ice bucket. The staff were professional and very helpful, they have place where you can store your cases if need to. They have computers you can use in the lobby. They have express",5
164, February 2022,Nice stay,It was a nice and clean room. On the small Side but apparently that’s how it is in NYC. Our biggest issue was the elevator situation but overall it was a nice place to stay for a family with two preteen kids.,4
165, February 2022,Sweet,"Great spot close but not too close to time sq, close the to subway, bar isn’t open every day though which could be good. Would stay here again, good value for money given the location it’s in. Cheers guys.",5
166, February 2022,Close to Phantom and Very Nice,"We were in NYC to see Phantom of the Opera and booked Row NYC for Saturday night. First, if you are seeing Phantom, this theater is right around the corner to the hotel. Can't get any closer!!! We arrived early, and did check-in and were advised that our upgrade to a higher room was accepted and that since the hotel was sold out the night before (which I was so happy to hear....NYC is back!!!) our room wouldn't be ready until after 2pm. We had lunch a few feet away at an Irish Pub and then went to the play. When the play was over we went to hotel and our room was ready. We picked up our bags from and went to our room. It had a great view and was a nice room. Bathroom is extremely small, but functional. Room was clean, but just needed some touch ups of paint. The staff",4
167, February 2022,Good enough,"The lobby, amenities, and staff were pretty decent. Really the only negative thing was the heating/cooling system, which was VERY loud. Loud neighbors and multitudes of teens didn’t help, but that’s not really anything against the hotel. Overall a good place to stay for the price.",4
168, February 2022,Great stay,"This is the second time I stay here. Hotel rooms have everything you need, not the biggest rooms but we didn’t need space. Hotel is right off time square. Perfect location and price. I will definitely be staying here again.",4
169, February 2022,Girls trip to NYC for Broadway show,I am trying to get in touch with the general manager around our concerns and all emails for him keep kicking back. I would like to give the hotel a chance to make right on our issues before I continue to write my review. Pros: Location is awesome Beds were comfortable Decor is fun,2
170, February 2022,Great Stay,"Myself and my husband stayed here for four days from the UK. I was initially concerned after looking at past reviews about staying here, I should not of worried. The check in was quick, we did not have any issues with long queues. The room was clean and pleasant. The hotel does need some updating but it was clean. Staff were helpful and there was 24hr security on the lifts. The hotel was a great location. If you what complete five star luxury then the hotel is not for you. We just wanted somewhere for a base to sleep in a good location, nice clean rooms. Thank you for a great stay.",5
171, February 2022,"Location, location",Great location; friendly staff. Updated interior decor with excellent security monitoring. Mattresses on beds need replacement in room we used as they were indented and worn. Otherwise ROW is a bargain for location,3
172, February 2022,NYC City Break,"After reading the reviews I was skeptical about my stay here but there was absolute no need. The hotel is in a fantastic location in walking distance to all major NYC attractions and with a hop on hop off bus site located just down from the hotel door! Despite the frantic nature of Times Square the hotel was perfect to rest and felt very safe with manned security both at the front door and at the lifts 24/7! Check in was a breeze and our room was clean with towels changed daily! I would not hesitate to stay here again, a great stay.",4
173, February 2022,Person at the check in desk,"Check in was an exceptionally long wait (45 minutes) The person at the desk was wonderfully patient with the guests, and did everything possible to accommodate those checking out (who had to be refunded cash), room issues (plumbing and noise issue) and those checking in. He was alone, attending a line over 20 guests long. Please commend him on his level disposition and polite responses to many frustrated people on the line. He should receive a raise, and an assistant.",4
174, February 2022,Clean with perfect location,"My room was excellent. It was clean and spacious with an iron, ironing board and hair dryer. There were enough outlets and good lighting. The hotel was one block from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and two blocks from Time Square. I would definitely stay there again!",5
175, February 2022,Lack of cleaning,"Didn’t have enough staff for the Check In process specially on a long weekend. The room, elevator and hallways needed cleaning. No housekeeping during our stay we had to ask for clean towels. Even though the staff was limited, they were friendly and helpful.",2
176, February 2022,Terrible,I was told that I could check in early when I booked and when I arrived at the hotel they said I couldn’t check in till 4pm. I would like for my account to not be charged for any transaction because I wouldn’t have never booked if I would’ve been told otherwise,1
177, February 2022,BOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!,"Not a Place to reside definitely Never coming back. Took 20 mins to get warm water in the shower, The Air-condition kept resetting. When I complained the Maintenance man had the nerve to say it isnt a DEMAND for Water thats why the shower isnt getting hot. (Ridiculous Excuse) The Elevators took 8 mins to get on due to it being small there never was enough space.",1
178, February 2022,Not satisfied,"The location was great. No doubt about it. But there is no microwave,fridge or even kettle. The room is not clean. I have todlers who drank milk and is no way we can store the milk to . We can heear the noise disturbing came from other room and hallways. We deserved much better place with this price.",2
179, February 2022,Terrible,"Super dirty! Stuff didn’t want to help with this issue! The hotel is very crowded, there is always line for elevators and so on. Rooms are small, dirty and old-fashioned. I definitely not recommend to stay at this place",1
180, February 2022,"Bad, Smelled, HOT","To be honest. I have stayed at this hotel many of times but this time was not great and may be the last. We checked in and went to our room. We paid for a higher room for better view, Once entering the room was very small and the AC unit was broken and the heater was on and wouldn't go off. The room was extremely HOT. The hotel did switch us to another room. When we got to new room, View and space was much better but the drawer front was broken and just put in the drawer. Stains on carpet and the worst was that we didn't realize until we went to get in bed, The Bed mattress smelled AWFUL. We had to put bathroom towels over bed just because it was that bad. Wasn't even worth telling hotel cause it was late. We then got up and left first thing next morning. VERY disappointed in",2
181, February 2022,Laugh to Keep From Crying,"Where to begin. I joined the check in line at 5:19 pm and got to the counter at 6:12pm. No apology for the wait or thanks for the unbelievable patience. The lobby staff was useless and referred to guests as ""you guys"" when guiding guests to move up. The elevators are dungeonous and the hallways look like an assylum - just dark and dingy. My room number was not printed clearly on the key packet and 5 was mistaken for a 3 leading me to try my keys on an occupied room. Thankfully the guest was understanding. The outer shade shade had a beautiful palette of makeup stains on it and the side drawer didn't stay closed. In fact it only stayed wide open. The heater...lol. Late at night I woke up to what sounded like a construction crew working inside the radiator. The heat",1
182, February 2022,Rewarding experience,"Clean, comfortable and great staff. Nice view from of NY from my room windows. I will come again actually this is my third visit and always tell my friends tha ROW ISGREAT. I value being concise and precise so I do not like to write a lot. just state the facts and move on.",5
183, February 2022,"Horrible, never would visit the hotel again","Dirty rooms, not vacuumed, bathroom not cleaned, hairs everywhere. Horrible experience. Employees was not afraid of that and refunded the money imeadiately without seeing pictures or offering another room.",1
184, February 2022,It is that it is,We had to call to get out toilet services. Our shower was dirty. The base of the bed was dirty. And our carpet look filthy. The room was small for the price. Super long wait time to get on/off elevator. The customer service was good though.,2
185, February 2022,"Great staff, dirty carpet","Second stay at ROW. Definitely a more bang for your buck place in the Hell’s Kitchen/time square area. Staff was great, and friendly and helpful. Only complaint was the carpet in my room was pretty gross. Time to replace the old carpet, or at least have it deep cleaned monthly. Kind of crazy to have steep covid regulations, but not have actual clean carpets. And please don’t take this review out housekeeping, they did a great job. I’ll be back to ROW soon.",4
186, February 2022,Seemed understaffed,"Check-in took over 40 minutes and I was asked to pay for the room (again), although it was already paid for -not the best service experience. However, the room had a nice view and the location is really central.",2
187, February 2022,Convenient but at what cost?,"This hotel's location is perfect, and modern however I had a few issues throughout my stay. The line to check in and checkout at any given time is absolutely horrific, typically there's only one person at the counter at all times. If you want to reserve/extend your stay you can't do it at the property you have to make a completely new booking online. While the hotel seemed nice I definitely noticed that some things had not been cleaned in my room and throughout the hotel. In my room for instance all the high touch points were not cleaned like the sink there was still someone spit out toothpaste on the sink from their stay, and the desk and bedside tables were not cleaned or wiped down. The heater in my room was so loud and my room was always still very cold. One day I asked the",3
188, February 2022,"Dirty, Old, Cramped, Dim...","Words can't even explain my disappointment with this hotel. I was there for all of 10 minutes before deciding to check out and cancel my reservation with a full refund, which I expect to see in my account without any need for further communications. The pictures do not match AT ALL.",1
189, February 2022,Matt Dobson,"I booked this hotel on the advice of a travel agent in the uk. When I told my wife she went straight onto trip advisor to have a look. Most of the reviews weren’t good, but we went with the hope that people were exaggerating how bad it is and we would find it ok. People weren’t exaggerating and it wasn’t ok, in fact it was worse than the worst of the reviews. The staff were nice and tried their best to sort out the situation by moving us out of our first room that was shabby and grubby to say at best into a room that was exactly the same as the first. When I went back to reception there was nothing more they could do for me, I even asked if there was a paid upgrade I could buy, but there wasn’t. Greg the man on reception said we were welcome to stay the night and if it wasn’t",1
190, February 2022,wont be back tot his hotel,"This is my 4th time in New York and wont be back at this hotel. When we arrived we had to stand in a long que for over an hour to check in with only 2 people on when we got to the rooms they were tiny with 4 adults staying in one room with two double beds, well they said double beds but they aren't they are smaller, I went back down to reception to speak to them to see if we could upgrade to a bigger room or get another bed added to the room for my mother who had just had an operation the girl on desk was so rude and not helpful at all I spoke to manager as I requested this before I went over to be told by manager he doesn't manage the Facebook page for the hotel it must be someone else he handed me extra pillows and blanket for me or my mummy to sleep on the hotel floor, I",1
191, February 2022,Not coming back,Waited 40 mins to check in. Only one front office person was on duty. Elevator lobby is too dark. Elevators are dirty and claustrophobic. Room ac unit is very loud (sounds like a ship creaking each time it turns on),1
192, February 2022,Decent stay,"Many accommodations were missing for an expensive hotel. Like there were no ways to eat at ur your room. No microwave, no plates were available. What’s the point of reservation fee. Bar doesn’t run all night. Bathtub was dirty.",3
193, February 2022,"A great location, nice (albeit slightly tired) hotel.","First impressions count, right. When we arrived, tired from a long trip over from the UK - we were met with a very long queue for check-in, with only two members of staff processing this. It took us nearly an hour just to get our room key and check-in. When we were finished, the queue was even longer! The hotel itself was clean and tidy, but is getting tired and could do with an update in some areas. Our room was ok, and had great views of the city. It could have done with a bathroom update, but was still clean and tidy none the less. The staff on the whole were pretty good and friendly. The chap looking after the luggage in the basement was really great and super cheery.",3
194, February 2022,Above and beyond my expectations,"Great room, attentive staff. Will definitely return. Close to Broadway and close to Times Square. The elevators were quick and effectively routes people who need to blast to the top to be grouped together. Very efficient.",5
195, February 2022,Mediocre,"Room was a normal size for midtown NYC, but it was pretty dirty. All elevators had actual trash on the ground and the rooms weren’t necessarily dirty but they obviously hadn’t wiped down the surfaces in the room as there were tons of fingerprints everywhere. There also was fruit stickers from a previous guest stuck to the top of the bathroom slider door, and the tub had something in it. I was disappointed with the service as well, extremely slow and just dismissive.",2
196, February 2022,Overall,We stayed here from 27th Jan to 1st Feb 2022. When we arrived there was a queue developing at the reception desk . There was only one person on at first. Tired and cold not something you want but we were excited to be here. When we did get our turn we then got told we had to pay a facilities fee begrudgingly we paid and then was just handed a small envelope with a number attached . We were not told how to use the lifts which are not like your usual lifts you couldn't just get in and push a button as there wasn't any. This was not explained to us and we nearly got stuck in it. Tha rooms were spacious and just what we wanted but there was quite a bit of dust along the side of the bed. ( I only noticed as I put my handbag there). Walls paper-thin you could hear everything,2
197, February 2022,Great no frills locates hotel,"Line at check in was crazy long but the hotel staff was super fast and effective! I was pleasantly surprised. The coffee shop is Greta with the steps to sit around just think it closes a bit early sometimes and that section gets blocked which isn’t good when having guests waiting downstairs for someone, check in etc",5
198, February 2022,Valentine’s Day weekend 2022,"WORST WORST WORST hotel ever. First room I checked into almost sent me into anaphylactic shock because I am highly allergic to mold and MOLD was all over bathroom… Second room was very ran down (doesn’t look anything like pictures) and heat wouldn’t go above 75 degrees (it was 20 degrees in nyc this weekend, old drafty windows, maintenance came and just changed filter) Constantly harassed about my dog even after I was forced to buy a $75 bark collar because my puppy was so called disturbing guest during quiet hours. I asked for the quiet hour policy/ what hours were designated quiet and was denied multiple times. A female at the front desk was speaking to me w/o a mask but when I went to the desk later that day I was told policy is everyone in lobby has to wear a mask (I don’t",1
199, February 2022,My Favorite NYC Spot,"I've been coming here every year for almost a decade. The rooms are always fresh and clean, have great views of the city and provide all the modern amenities in a historic building. Check-in process could be improved and I miss City Kitchen, but I understand most of that is due to COVID. Looking forward to coming back next year!",5
200, January 2022,Don’t bring your service dog,"Don’t bring your service dog. Hidden fees for pets, even service dog, bad costumer service. I will never stay there again. They don’t care about anything but their selfs, they charged my card many times with different fees that I didn’t agree with.",1
201, February 2022,"Best location, clean and affordable!","Highly recommend this hotel!!! The location is amazing! There is parking nearby that you get at a discounted rate with validation from the hotel. Small rooms, but you can’t beat the price and location",5
202, February 2022,Best on budget,I am giving this hotel 5 stars not because the room is perfect and the service is impeccable. The 5 stars becuase they provided the good balance of an affordable hotel in times square and ok cleanliness and service. The room is so tiny but it has a safe and iron The checkout was quick eventhough there was a big line when we were leaving. The hotel is affiliated with icon parking around the corner. They charge $50 per day with no in and out privilege. I dropped my luggage with my wife then went to the parking lot. The location is perfect near time square and to subway stations. The room rate was very competitive and it attracts nice tourists. I would definitely recommend the place if you are traveling on budget and the room size doesn't matter to you,5
203, February 2022,"Location, location, location","What a tiny room! No bigger than a walk-in closet. The toilet paper roll had to be removed from the holder so I could use the toilet. That's how tight it is! Don't get bamboozled as I did by an email offer of an ""upgrade"" for $4 per night. The alleged upgrade was not to a bigger room but to a higher floor. The alleged ""view"" was the back of other buildings and a few lights on 44th street. However, the location is worth it, as I have stayed here now, three times. You can walk to Times square as it is only one block over on 7th Avenue, turn left when you leave the hotel, walk to the next block, turn left and walk one block to 7th Avenue. There are places to eat, Hell's Kitchen is across the street and a variety of fastfood places one or two blocks from the hotel heading",3
204, February 2022,Mostly good experience.,"Frequent guests and coming back in April and May. Only disappointment was I was told that my reservation had a note to give us a comp upgrade as a thank you for being a repeat guest. Desk clerk had no idea what I was talking about, so we paid for an upgrade ourselves. Not a deal breaker, but sorry that ROW did not keep its word.",4
205, December 2021,"Experience OK, Customer Service not so Much!","My wife and I recently booked a simple one-night stay at the ROW NYC over the holidays as we were taking in a show and wanted to be close to Times Square, and within walking distance to other holiday attractions. Through a 3rd party site, I booked ROW NYC at her request, as she'd stayed many times previously with positive experiences. Our experience within the hotel would mimic other previous posts - the place could use some upgrades, a makeover, some more cleaning, etc. All in all, however, it was a place to sleep in close proximity to our destinations, so we were happy enough. Unfortunately, a few days later, I see a credit card charge from ROW NYC on my statement, even though I had booked (and paid) via 3rd party, and confirmed as much during check-in. My card was",2
206, February 2022,Aged badly,"I stayed here a few years ago and it has aged very badly, the place is extremely worn and not very clean. Our blinds & Shower in our room were broken. With covid they do not clean rooms every day but we were never told this so we can out of towels and toilet roll, when we called to asked what was going on we were told nobody was free to drop them up. Even for the price this is not worth it, would find something much nicer for the same price. Will never be returning and have already cancelled an upcoming stay that we pre-booked",1
207, February 2022,Terrible hotel,"Before you book, please understand from talking with locals that a lot of hotels over the covid period took a deal with the US Government to offer the NYC homeless shelter over this period, bearing in mind tourism was only allowed from Oct 2021 this deal still stands. Upon arrival the lady was rude and didn't make us welcome, you have to pay a deposit and for services which was not made clear upon booking. There is not one facility for a drink within the hotel only opening at around 8am for a take away coffee which you can purchase any where from this time on wards in times square. 6am McDonalds offers a drink for the jet lagged! there is no where to sit other then the steps. room filthy bedding stained and marked walls chips high gloss areas chipped and broken drawers still",1
208, January 2022,Affordable but small.,Check in/out was easy. Elevators were a nightmare due to only two going up to the floor we were staying on. Bathroom curtain was too short causing the water to leak out to bathroom floor. Rooms was a bit small but expected. Great view and location is great two blocks from 42nd and broadway. Lowest price for the location.,3
209, February 2022,The only good thing about Row NY is the location,"The hotel is supposed to be 4 Star but its nowhere near its in desperate need of an upgrade , the corridors reception and lift area are dark and dismal to hide the dirt Our room was very tiny , the bedding was clean and also the towels but the carpet was tacky with dirt , the mirror hadn't been cleaned in a long while , there was mould in the bathroom and showerhead was rusty The heating is very loud and clangs so wakes you up. There is a strong smell of weed throughout the hotel and the walls are so thin you can hear residents in their rooms $33 dollars extra per room per night for resort fees so for 2 rooms that was an extra $200 dollars on our holiday its supposed to be for the facilities but the bar and restaurant was closed , There are no tea/coffee facilities in the room",2
210, February 2022,Row NYC February 2022,"Myself , husband and 2 children (age 15 and 20) stayed here in February 2022, the room was a little small for 4 adults , but it’s New York City…. The rooms were clean and cleaned daily…the staff were very friendly, the location is EXCELLENT…. Times Square, 5th Avenue, Central Park, broadway etc all within a walking distance…and the local subway station brings you right down to the 9/11 memorial museum (a must see) and to the south ferry which brings you to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island… !! Port Authority is literally across the road! The only negative I have about the hotel is the overwhelming stench of weed on the corridors (thank god for masks) the smell is not present in the hotel lobby, just on the corridors… and because of this I most likely would not stay here",3
211, February 2022,"Worst customer service ever !!!!!! Horrible
Train your team","I wish I can give this hotel minus with the customer service !!!! I booked the hotel since I had a very nice experience previously. I checked in on the 4th and Yara was very nice to accommodate my request being on high floor . I have to move to another room since it has a connecting door and the other people were noisy ( not the hotel fault) . BoB and Yara assisted me to move to another room !! I was offered late checkout as courtesy at 2:00 by Bob which is really nice when the check out noon . Here is the fun part … I went on my checkout day (6th) to confirm my late checkout out and the receptionist asked her boss ( Director) Dwaine maybe , he said at 1:00 , I told her bob gave me 2:00 she said ok !! Without taking my name and room number?!!!!!!! Are you planning to charge me",1
212, January 2022,Noisy,"The hotel was close to Times Square which is great if you want to stay in the touristy area, however the main thing to consider is the noise levels as the walls were very thin so you could hear the people talking in the surrounding rooms and the heating system was so loud in the room it would wake us up. Bathroom was also a bit dated. But if you want to save some money then it is not bad for the location.",3
213, January 2022,The Row a place where NOT to Stay,At arrival nobody at reception for 15 minuti. Cleaning standard overall very poor Room very small Breakfast is a joke you pick a coffee and a croissant atvthe bar gran and go and the only place where you can have it is on the stars. Pricebqualitu definitly unacceptable,1
214, January 2022,7 night stay,"I'm not gonna lie after reading recent reviews I was worried about staying here but there was no reason to be! Check in only took about 10 minutes and the guy on reception was very nice and friendly, I'm sorry I didn't get his name but I checked in 19th January in the evening. Yes the room was on the small side so don't book a standard room if you want a little more space. Maybe some more drawer space for clothes etc would be nice as there was only 5 hangers in the wardrobe space. The walls are thin and you can hear the conversation in the room next door. I didn't feel I needed my room cleaned each day so if I saw housekeeping staff I'd tell them not to clean my room but maybe the hotel could have a sign you could put on the door saying housekeeping not needed today and also a",4
215, December 2021,"Worn, but clean.","Row is very, very in need of upgrading its rooms. There were quite a few trim things in our room that were broken and a lamp that didn't work. Our shower was slow draining. The walls in our room were so thin we heard EVERYTHING from the room next door... a bit awkward when we both exited our rooms at the same time the next morning! The lobby was a bit too dark for me; wish they'd add some brighter lighting. I really like the staff! they were very helpful and always approachable. The bed was comfortable, our view was nice and the room was clean... but like many NYC hotel rooms; smaalll. If you are there for the theaters; its a great location! We will stay there again if there is a good deal.",3
216, January 2022,When Edgy starts to feel Seedy,"Me and my partner recently stayed at the Row NYC for a three night winter break and on first impression found the location of the hotel along 8th avenue to be ideally located for Times Square and a number of other Midtown Attractions. The hotel itself was a bit of a conundrum. On first entering the lobby area I felt like there was a problem with the lighting to the point at which it was actually quite difficult to see, this I later found out was not an accident but a deliberate part of the ambience of the hotel. The style that the hotel was trying to aim for was based on a gritty urban scene but I felt fell short of this and felt seedy and although not unsafe was certainly not welcoming. The convenience store had a big red neon light sequence at the front of it that felt",3
217, January 2022,Not as bad as expected…rude security let it down,"I was really apprehensive about staying here because of the reviews but honestly it wasn’t bad at all. The location is the selling point here, it’s fantastic. No queue at check in and the lady who checked us in was really nice and helpful. The room was decent, comfy, big bed and a big shower and it was clean. Housekeeping tidied everyday and left new towels and fresh bedding which was nice and are absolutely lovely ladies. We had a great view from the window which we didn’t expect. The only downsides were the air con - kept randomly turning on at night and turning the room into a sauna. The lobby, hallways etc are a bit dark with mood lighting, not sure what vibe the hotel is going with here but it wasn’t for us. Tried to be edgy but ends up looking seedy. One of the security",3
218, January 2022,Prime Location,"Prime Location: this is why we chose this hotel. It is within walking distance to Broadway (we even came back to the hotel during Phantom’s intermission to use the bathroom), Times Square, Empire State Building, and many good restaurants and sweet treats. The room: spacious enough. Bathroom is small, shower pressure was weak. Quiet. Safe. (There is a safe provided). Clean. We didn’t have water or ice on our floor which was a disappointment. The staff: front desk staff and housekeeping were friendly. One day we didn’t want service but she provided us with extra towels. There was also security at the doors. Check in/check out: no line for check in. We were able to check in early with a $25 fee. The check out process was painless. Would stay here again especially for the",4
219, January 2022,Great Location,"My daughter and I came in on a Friday to see Dear Evan Hansen to leave Saturday. The hotel is minutes from that theater as well as many more. The young lady at check in was polite and quick. We literally walked into hotel at 3:50pm was walked into our rooms by 4:00pm. The elevators were different than what we are used too. Had to wait a few mins both going up and coming back down. Our room was a lot bigger than we expected. It was clean and tidy. The views were pretty cool. Have never been on the 26th floor before. Even with COVID and all of the craziness in todays world. All of the staff we interacted with were friendly, helpful and courteous during our stay. My only negative was that the ice maker on our floor didn’t work. Am looking forward to planning another trip to",4
220, January 2022,"Good location, not very clean","Stayed here recently for 4 nights and it did not meet expectations. Check-in was fine (seems like we got lucky on this front based on other reviews), but the room itself was disappointing. It was very small and not clean at all - on day 3 we found socks left by previous guests shoved in the corner and down the side of the bed found receipts, face wipes and other trash. I mentioned this on checking out, but was not offered any concessions. The heating in the room was uncontrollable, the heater was on full blast and the air con didn't help, so we sweltered every night. The elevator system is farcical, trying to cram 20+ people into one small lift. People waiting ages just to get up to their rooms. They need to sort this out asap and make sure all elevators are working. The main",3
221, January 2022,A great stay,"After reading recent reviews we were slightly worried about our upcoming stay at The Row but we needn’t have been We got to the hotel at 2pm, no queue at check in which was a nice surprise after recent reviews. We were given our hotel key straight away. Our room was comfortable and had plenty of room for 2 of us for a 5 night stay The hotel was in an excellent location & our room had a great view down 8th Avenue If you’re a light sleeper bring ear plugs as that road is rather noisy. There is a fire station a couple of blocks away so we would always hear them coming and going The downsides for us were the resort fee you have to pay. We didn’t receive any vouchers or a water bottle as mentioned on their website. The restaurant and bar area was closed most nights and the food",4
222, January 2022,"Great Location, not as nice as it used to be.","Our experience at The Row was not as we hoped and I hate to be so pessimistic and sound like a complainer. I stayed at this hotel a few years ago and I am sure the pandemic has alot to answer for but the customer service was the thing that let this whole experience down the most. The rooms were very worn down and not clean enough, especially as we are in a pandemic and levels should be higher. There was dust, finger prints on windows, mirrors, allover the toilet sliding door and crumbs on the floor. I had stains on my sheets. We did mention this and they did change our rooms, but no apology. I checked the new rooms before changing and they were just as bad as the ones we were in. So we stayed put to be next to our other guests and asked for more sheets and we wiped everything",3
223, December 2021,long time to check in,"It took FOREVER to check in and the line was not very long. Noted peeling paint and chipped surfaces. But all of this is described in other reviews. What I would like to know is very simple. Management is aware of these problems--just note the boiler-plate responses they post below each bad review. So if they know about these persistent and systemic problems, why don't they just fix them???",1
224, December 2021,Basic but a great base to explore the city,From reading reviews we were very dubious about staying here. We arrived and were pleasantly surprised. Fortunately we didn’t have a big check in queue and got to our room quickly. The room was clean and the bed was comfy. The room was a bit worn round the edges for example one of our blinds didn’t lower but there was another blind and curtain to use. A perfect base if on a budget and just want a bed and a shower before hitting Times Square! The location is brilliant. We were able to leave our bags to go explore the city before the late flight. All staff helpful enough.,4
225, December 2021,"Disgraceful Hotel, very unprofessional.",Do not book this hotel. In essence the check in is nearly 1.5/2hr wait. Your not even offered a water while you wait. They just stand there and look at you whilst saying please don’t block the stairwell…. Eh Please assist with the check in god damn it. The rooms are extremely small very old with poor water pressure in the shower and the AC is poor. Won’t be back.,2
226, January 2022,Hidden Facilities fee but otherwise very nice,"Upon arrival I entered a lovely warm hotel. The Christmas tree was great. Not a queue insight, checked in pretty quickly apart from the discussion about a facilities fee. I booked with tui the paperwork mentions nothing about it. Location and room great.",5
227, December 2021,NOT a good hotel,"This place is an absolute joke, we thought we were booking a very classy and expensive hotel, only to have probably the worst hotel experience in 20 years of travel. The check in takes 2-3 hours, to go up the elevator it takes 30 minutes to an hour because it's a horrible system that is unmanaged. My wife was pushed around multiple times while trying to enter an elevator because everyone is pissed off and annoyed and trying to catch the elevator so they don't want another 30 minutes. Employees and management are not only unhelpful, but they are rude too. Our first room was the wrong bed size, and after hours of trying to get another room with the right size bed, it ended up having MOLD. When I went to complain about the mold the front desk told me I have to pick between that",1
228, December 2021,"Terrible Hotel, Zero Customer Service, Dirty, Avoid ROW NYC!!!!","We stayed the weekend of Dec 19, checking out the 21st. Checking in was horrible. Took 1.5 hours (see pics). Witnessed huge check in line every day at all time. The rooms are overall dirty. They charge you $30 per night as a ""resort"" fee that essentially gives you nothing. Broken and dirty fixtures throughout the room (see pics). Mold in the bathroom. AC quit on 2nd day. Called it in before we left the room that morning...someone came by at 9:00 PM. And of course, nothing could be done at that time. He decided to change the filter which had a date written on it: 12/2019...the ac filter had not been changed for two years! However, the hotel's location is prime and that's the only good thing I can say about ROW NYC. Avoid it.",2
229, December 2021,Affinia Fifty NYC,"We have stayed at this hotel for quite a few years now after the Afinia Dumont closed. The hotel itself is in a convenient location. The rooms are adequate. The door and cleaning staff are good. My only complaint is with the reception staff who do not seem to know what they are doing. I had paid for my stay in full incl taxes & facilities tax, all paid in full in October. We arrived at the hotel on the 4 December. On arrival we was asked to leave a credit card deposit which would be returned when we check out which was on the 9 December. We thought as with other hotels this deposit was just ""blocked out"" on our credit card card, but it wasn't, the deposit was withdrawn from our account on our day of check in on the 4 December. After several emails to both Ms",3
230, January 2022,Worst hotel Ever. NEVER STAY HERE,Somebody enter to our room and stole our tablet when we were out for less than 2 hours. We have Camara outside our the room and the security department don't know what happen..... Room 2223 Never stay here!!!,1
231, December 2021,Not impressed! dirty...,2nd time my husband and I stayed in this hotel first time was 2016. gone downhill in our opinion. First time we stayed issues with the heating In room. this time First room was tiny with faulty heating stuck on cold all night. blowing continuously and bedside table covered in remains of fizzy drink not cleaned properly. went to front desk in morning to be told can have another room but not till after 4pm. didn't apologise when I said room is dirty. next room... hmmm filthy too.. hairs around the bath and a crack fixed with a gum like sticky product In the bath right where you sit! general old dirty appliances and had to use toe to put plug in Bath as sink blocking it. the carpet in room was dirty and the skirting around the room filled with fluff and dirt. blinds were dirty and,1
232, December 2021,"Awful experience & no refund for our ""holding deposit""","I booked this hotel for a 4 night stay in New York and it was the worst part about the trip. Upon arriving an hour before check in time, we were made to wait in a queue which filled the whole of the lobby for 2 hours! Once eventually getting to the front there was no recognition of the wait or apology for the ridiculous amount of queuing time. The queue was the same for the 4 days we were there so seems like a normal thing. We were told on arrival to pay a 50 dollar holding deposit which will be returned when we leave and it has not been returned, which I have read from reviews is a common thing also. Avoid this hotel at all costs, DO NOT pay the holding fee and don't let this place ruin an amazing trip.",1
233, November 2021,Dirty filthy stinky hotel,"This was advertised as a 4* hotel. Haha it didn’t come close, a dark lobby covered in dust, I can see why the lights are low it’s to make sure you see less dirt, the rooms are not as advertised either, absolutely tiny, smelly and noisy,nothing near like what’s advertised. carpet was absolutely filthy and the walls were stained, in what I really don’t want to know🤢. Do yourself a favour and avoid this place at all costs #dump",1
234, December 2021,Would visit again,"Hotel was in a great location and clean. Rooms were very small but compared to other hotels i have stayed at in New York, this was pretty reasonable! Bath/Shower water temperature was moderate, I had to have hot on full, no cold and the water was still only warm. This was probably the time of the day and the amount of people showering. Check in was painful, we queued for over an hour to check in, 60+ please queuing and only one check in desk open! Lifts fully working but has to wait for quite a while each time the lift was called. Would visit again",4
235, December 2021,Can’t understand all the bad reviews,"Currently staying here at the row we leave tomorrow. Our hotel was changed last minute to this hotel after reading the reviews we were quite skeptical due to a number of bad ones. Check in was quick and easy and the gentleman who dealt with us even upgraded our room for free which we were extremely pleased, yes there is a resort fee charge to be paid for the stay but they make you aware of that before paying, we were never charged anything else like other reviews state. A few reviews state issues with waiting for a lift, we never found this to be a problem and always had one with in less than a minute. The room we had was a decent size so no complaints there as we weren’t expecting anything huge it is nyc. The was a bit dust and wear and tear again that didn’t bother us as we",4
236, December 2021,Avoid Avoid Avoid not covid secure!,"The rooms are tiny. We change room once as shower didn’t work. Also no tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Lift system is a joke .. not covid secure, they take ages so everyone tries to cram into the lift. The smell of weed hits you as soon as you walk outside. Got clobbered for a £200 charge when checking in!",1
237, December 2021,Disappointed and won’t return,"Firstly, the time to check in is ridiculous, over an hour and the staff on reception so slow and only appeared to be bothered about taking our money. Didn’t even acknowledge the time we stood to check in and didn’t respond when I said we had been waiting for ages. Booked 2 rooms and asked for 2 single beds in one to which we were told they don’t do this. Had to rebook another room as the rooms are so tiny and not suitable for 2 adults, only to then see when cleaners were cleaning a number of rooms with 2 single beds. Our room was tiny and felt like a prison cell, the blinds were filthy and mould around the bath. The fixtures and fittings in the room are old and worn. The lifts are also very bad, can be waiting 10 minutes for a lift and there are so many people waiting that the",1
238, December 2021,Could be better,"I was expecring more. Elevator was always pack and slow, long lines on check in. No one answered the p Operator line to get more towels. Room was clean but it feels in bad shape. They went for a dark decoration, wich I didnt love. Location was not bad but I feel they could do better.",3
239, December 2021,0/10 don’t even chance it - avoid,"Just awful. If you, like us are reading this thinking ‘how bad can it be’ or ‘it’s cheap so it should be fine’ I promise you it’s not even worth enduring. This is such a shame as the location of this hotel is amazing but The hotel itself was awful. The first disappointment was when we saw how nice the reception was, as it was clean and fancy (this got our hopes up). The queue to check-in was ridiculously long and stretched the whole length of the floor. When we got to the front we realised there was only two check-in staff who were both foul rude. Had to pay $200 in fees all together when we checked in. I emailed the hotel twice with written requests prior to my stay but all emails were ignored and so were my requests. I asked for a low floor room with two beds and I was given a",1
240, December 2021,Wouldn't recommend,"I stayed in this hotel 8 or so years ago and it was great, hence why we chose to stay here again. Perfect location right on Times Square, which is probably the only good thing about the hotel. Check in for us was fairly quick as there was no queue, but reception was not friendly at all. We upgraded our room but it was still tiny and DIRTY. We had to wipe down the walls in the bathroom, side cabinets by the bed and disinfect everything when we arrived. It was so grubby, tired, hairs on the carpet, in the bath etc. I have to say the beds and pillows were very comfortable and sheets were clean. DO NOT USE THE WIFI - my mums phone got hacked as soon as she got onto the wifi, which she had to use for her forms to get back to UK. Suspicious people hanging around the lobby area,",2
241, December 2021,AVOID!,"I have to pile on more to what love2travel posted - I also endured the 2 hour wait to check in today. I have stayed at the hotel two other times in the last three months. I had to wait about 20 minutes each time, which I thought was a lot of time. nothing compared to today. I had just got off a long flight, needed something to eat, needed to use the restroom. I love the hotel's location. For the price it’s a great hotel in Midtown. But never again! It’s hard to believe the Hotel management treats their guests in such away. I saw a lot of older people and young children waiting in line. Awful - One of the staff members told me I should come back at about 11PM to check in because no one is there at that time......",1
242, December 2021,Checkin Nightmare,I can’t review the hotel as I may never make it to the checkin desk! Unbelievable- never in my life experienced standing in a queue with 130 (not exaggerating) other guests in a queue that is snaking around the entire loby. like a lazy river moving at a cm by cm pace. I am speechless. Thought it was a joke. With staff handing out water and only 3 on the checkin desk. People near the front have been standing waiting for over an hour. Delta managed to checkin and board 400 people on my flight in half the time. People with reservations who arrived 7 am were told to come back and spend the day sight seeing. Its now 5pm and they are joining the 1 hour plus line with no fast pass. Having spoken to the manager she apologised for the inconvenience. I suggested she get on the,1
243, December 2021,24 hour stay. Walk everywhere. Great location!,Check in was fast. Blonde to right at Front desk on Friday December 10th was a wonderful asset to this hotel. Everyone was kind with the exception for a male manager I’m guessing that made a man cut in front of me in line cause he wanted a receipt cause he was checking out. Late at that. RUDE. So this high mark goes to the lady that helped me. Also the kind employee that helped us in the elevator. And the kind housekeeping.,5
244, December 2021,Good Christmas stay,Great stay at Row Hotel. Few pros and cons from our stay: Pros - Room was upgraded and was big enough for 4 guests. Hotel is very central and only a few minute walk from Times Square / restaurants / subway etc. Cleaner came every day to tidy room. Good wifi. Cons - Check in took almost an hour and was extremely slow. The water in the shower was only hot at certain times of the day. Would recommend for a central stay & if you are looking for a reasonable priced stay.,5
245, December 2021,Feels like a tired old cruise ship,"This is far from a 4 star hotel. Upon entering you clearly see it has seen better days. The lines are long, which they clearly know with the taped up paper printouts all over the lobby explaining you do not have to come to the desk for checkout. Rooms have the bare minimum, with subpar toiletries, small scratchy towels, no bath mat and a clock radio with the original iPod dock, which no one has. There was no water pressure and a poorly designed barn door on the bathroom that lacks in providing privacy. On the site it says there is a food hall type market next door, which is in part why we booked this hotel. It has since closed. An awful lounge singer in the lobby bar was remarkably bad as was the holiday decor. On a positive note, everyone we interacted with was extremely",3
246, December 2021,Excellent hotel,"Excelente hotel, when I read the comments I wasn't sure if I should cancel and reserve another one, but I choose not because of the location. It was amazing! Of course the rooms are small but all of the rooms in other hotels are like this in the area. The other room where my friends were, had an issue with the roof, had a leak, the hotel personal respond to this issue extremely fast and my friends also had an upgrade in their room, the reception was very fast and all the people that work in the hotel were absolutely amazing. If I come back I will stay here again.",4
247, December 2021,Very Unprofessional.,I will no longer be using this hotel for business. I booked an extra day stay. When I got my Itinerary I saw the date was wrong by one day. No one tried to get me a refund nor allow me to pay the days difference which I would have gladly did. I talked to the front desk right after I saw the error an as well as “Operations Manger” Cynthia the next day who didn’t help me at all. She told me to book a new stay and pay another 400-500 for one night. My date was suppose to be an extra day from Dec 4-5 but booked was the 3rd-4th. She tried to say I did a no show but I was there at the hotel the day I booked and after explaining the error. Then she told me to basically commit bank fraud by telling my bank it was an unauthorized transaction. Very unprofessional.,1
248, December 2021,Great hotel. Excellent location.,"Been here before and came back again. Excellent location. Rooms clean and tidy. Beds comfortable, staff helpful. Not the most upmarket hotel but you are only in the room to sleep and the bed is well comfy. You walk out of the door and boom!! Smack bang in virtually the middle of New York City. Negative points. No kettle. No fridge unless you pay extra. And the air con is LOUD!!! Besides that it’s great. If /when we come back this is the first place I’ll try end get in again. Just bring your own kettle, ear plugs and use the ice and cold water machine on your floor.",5
249, December 2021,visit,When we arrived easy to check in. parking garage is right around the corner. Our room had a problem with heater talked to Maurizio Bonivento the manager and he moved us to another room right away. Customer service was excellent.,4
250, December 2021,Family and Fun Times,The Row is a beautiful hotel with friendly staff. The check in process was quick and welcoming. The room was a great size only thing missing was a microwave. The bar in the lobby wasn’t big but the bartender was super friendly and makes a great Manhattan. He gave great suggestions for what to do for fun and nightlife.,4
251, December 2021,DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL.,"I would like to say this hotel is cheap and you get what you pay for, however, in my opinion it is cheap for New York, but not a cheap hotel to stay at in general. The last time we came to New York we stayed at Westin Times Square and we paid the same price there as we did to stay at Row NYC this time. The rooms are VERY dirty to the point where you can see dust through a camera lense, which makes you feel dirty even after bathing. The carpets are soiled and the quality of the room was very poor. We had 2 doors in our room, one to enter the room, then we had another door which when unlocked revealed another door which made us feel very uneasy and reluctant to leave our personal belongings in the hotel room. It took us 30/40 minutes to be checked in and it seemed that after",1
252, December 2021,Don’t recommend,"Recently stayed here for three nights and wasn’t impressed by the quality of the rooms. I have stayed in a lot of hotels but this must be the worst one of all. The lobby and reception area is much nicer than the rest of the hotel. Upon check in we discovered a ridiculous service charge on top of a security deposit which will leave you £150 out of pocket. When we got to our room we noticed a large gap at the bottom of the door which made the room really cold due to the draught, we were also able to hear everything that was going on in the hallway. Our room has been cleaned before our arrival however we discovered there was loads of dust everywhere considering our floor had been cleaned everyday we have been there. The carpet had stains and smelled of urine, the desk that’s",2
253, December 2021,Cheep and crap,"The hotel was dirty. Half the amenities the hotel boasted about on its web site did not exist, the bar had no regular opening time, and some days remained shut all day, the staff were unhelpful, and just pleaded ignorance when questioned about bar opening.",2
254, November 2021,Never Again Worst Experience Ever,"Stayed once and never again, have to say this is the worst experience we have ever had and would never suggest Row NYC to anyone. Waited in line for 2 hours until we reached the front desk to check in, not an explanation from anyone and not even a nice greeting when we actually made it to the front of the line. Service.... The only service we received was the rip of service charge taken when we checked in. The room was very dated and small with a damp smell about it with a bed that was uncomfortable and AC that didn't work. The guys who store your luggage still demand a tip even with paying a service charge, with so many rooms at the hotel these guys must be on more than the management! Have sent am email to BA suggesting they should remove this property from there website.",1
255, November 2021,Great hotel in fab location,"After reading some of the reviews I arrived with a bit of trepidation. Hotel staff very helpful & upgraded our room when we told him what the trip was for. The room was very clean, linen changed daily, nice touches & toiletries supplied. Fantastic views and really quiet. Would stay here again.",5
256, December 2021,Overnight stay,"Friendly staff, covid conscious, need to show vaccination for gym even if already checked in, small room, comfy bed, only needed for 1 night wouldn't stay much longer than a night or 2. Great location!",3
257, November 2021,Cheap and cheerful,"Booked a last minute trip to New York and were on a budget, this hotel fell in to that price category. We found the Row to be a little tired and dated in places but nothing that couldn’t be fixed easily with a little TLC. Sleep wasn’t an issue for us, during the 6 nights we stayed we always slept very well despite being opposite the ice machine. The location of the Row was excellent, Times Square is just minutes away on foot and there subways near by for exploring the city. Security was never an issue for us, every time we re-entered the hotel before getting in an elevator we were always asked to see our room key, this is something we appreciated. We’d have no problem staying here again.",4
258, November 2021,Row Row Row your boat....to another hotel.,"You're better off elsewhere. I booked a one night stay to attend an event. Avoided the $40 self-parking fee by finding street parking. The lobby was dark, more like a night club, and smelled so much like weed. Red flag #1 - security checking your room keys before allowing you into the elevator bank. Red Flag #2 - The room. It was tiny, with only room for a bed a small desk. No wifi instructions anywhere. There was mold on the walls, and the bathroom was last updated in the 90's (or so it seems). There was also no ventilation in the bathroom - terrible. Was also awoken by someone trying to enter my room (without making any announcement as to why they were). Red Flag #3 - My room was adjacent to an elevator bank, and noise filled the room all night making it very",1
259, November 2021,US$ 29.50 Resort fee per night,"Booking sites should not be allowed to display the price exclusive of the 'resort fee' or other add-ons. The price you see should be the price you pay, so you can compare one hotel to another, as is more or less done with airline tickets. ""14.75 % TAX, US$ 3.50 City tax per night, US$ 29.50 Resort fee per night""",1
260, November 2021,"Prime location, terrible room","I booked The Row for an NYC family trip in November. The location was convenient and staff friendly. However, the room was dirty and neglected. I have stayed all over NYC (as I frequent for work). and this was the worst experience I’ve had. The carpets were filthy, and at first glance looked moldy. The bathroom was in need of updating. Peeling paint, dirty grout, and a clump of hair on the “clean” towels. On the inside of the door frame was a splatter of some white substance. The photos on popular booking websites are deceiving and absolutely had me fooled.",2
261, November 2021,Better hotels out there for the price charged…,"Firstly, we are 2 very relaxed travellers in our 30’s. Usually once we have a comfy bed and a decent shower we’re happy but I felt compelled to write a review on this hotel as the photos and website are very misleading. This hotel is not a 4 star hotel. The only positive is the location which is v central to everything. I will start with the room. The room is small even for NYC (bear in mind we actually had an upgrade also to a superior room with a large bed on floor 20 - I dread to think what the usual rooms are like). On the face of it the room appears clean but as you get into it you can see all the dirt and dust in corners and general uncleanliness of the place. It needs a deep clean. All surfaces are chipped and generally old. Which you wouldn’t mind except this hotel is",2
262, November 2021,Great Location/Great Price/ Nice Room,"This is a great option for anyone visiting midtown, especially Times Sq and the theaters. It is a big busy hotel right on 8th Ave. I arrived around 1 and got right into my room. The check in desk was slow. I'm glad I didn't check in later - the line was long. My room was small but very comfortable and clean with a nice bathroom. I couldn't figure out the alarm clock/ radio and had trouble adjusting the heat but otherwise a great stay- just steps from my theater!",4
263, November 2021,AVOID AVOID AVOID,"arrived 3pm tuesday and didn’t get our room key till 5pm if you love a long queue and wait this is the place for you, ironically the staff don’t give a damn and made us fully aware this is always the same at check in To SUM IT UP IF YOU LOVE LONG QUEUES AND STAYING IN A YMCA THIS EXACTLY THE PLACE FOR YOU We would NEVER step foot in this hotel again and we come every year for thanksgiving I had to give a 1 star but wanted to give 0 and watch out for the additional costs when you arrive and not made aware of",1
264, November 2021,Awful. Could not pay me to stay here again.,"Awful. Waited over an hour to check in, 2 staff working and at least 50 people queuing to check in. No apologies, no explanation as to why. We then had to pay taxes which the holiday firm did not tell us about. Room is tiny. Not enough space for 2 peoples clothes. Getting an elevator is a nightmare! Huge blood stain on the sheets, grim! Room was freezing but the heating was deafening so could not use it. Room card stopped working on the last day, queued in another huge queue for a replacement; which also didn’t work. Ended up asking a maid to let us in, missed our dinner reservations because of messing about. Rooms need work. Generally tatty, chipped paint, chipped sanitary ware etc. always a huge queue at reception and staff are rude. At night you are asked for room cards,",1
265, November 2021,Stay away,"Check in is a disaster. Arrived at 1pm…long line. Couldn’t check in anyway so we returned at 3:30….even longer line. It took an hour and a half to make it to the desk. I had booked 4 rooms online and each one had to be charged separately., yet I was never asked to sign the credit card bill. Went to dinner, returned at 10pm and still a very long line for check in…and I mean VERY LONG LINE…it’s insane. There is no excuse for such inefficiency. The place is run down, noisy and the rooms small and dingy. I’ve been to NYC many times and this is the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at.",1
266, September 2021,ENJOY THE STAY AND CONVIENCE TO EVERYWHERE A BLOCK AWAY FROM TIME SQUARES,A good location to stay for site seeing but i call for 2 months about my $50.00 deposit for give back after stay..kept calling and was promise a called back but never received a call back why i did not received my $50.00 back..just wondering how many people did not received their money back on their card? just upset that they might be doing this to many without funding their$50.00 back..not cool,3
267, November 2021,Worst hotel I’ve ever stopped in,"We were booked in through British Airways so thought it would be of a decent standard, wrong. On arrival the unhelpful and unfriendly member of staff was focussed on getting our credit card for resort fees, not sure what this is for as no bar or any restaurant and never saw the shop open. The room was the size of a B&Q garden shed (the cheaper ones that you can put up yourself) with a bathroom and a bath that you could use for bathing one limb at a time. No water, no iron and a wardrobe that could hold the jacket of a small child. We understand due to the central location you have to sacrifice some things but the place was filthy, noisy with doors slamming throughout the night on the 9th floor, smell of cannabis and noisy rooms. It felt unsafe. It was so bad we checked out the",1
268, November 2021,Wife's 30th birthday,Had a great experience at the ROW NYC. Could not beat the price with such amazing location. There are so many great restaurants and everything is so close. My wife and I best experience waste bartender who worked the night shift (Jared) I believe? He made my wifes birthday wonderful and she loved the experience..he even gave us a hug on the way out.,5
269, November 2021,DO NOT GO,"I was very disappointed with my room and the floors that were designated to homeless people. I have never been in a room that dirty (nightstands covered in fifth, carpet was disgusting, and overall the grossest place I have ever been). The stench was one that I never want to smell again. Lighting was bad for a reason on floor 9 so I couldn't see the dirty and grossness. I would think you would step it up especially due to COVID. I I slept on my suitcase as it was cleaner than the room. I will NEVER stay at that property again and you have a phone complaint from me as it was recorded. ROOM 910!!!! I want to warn future potential guests that this is not a hotel but a homeless shelter.",1
270, November 2021,Great Stay Minus Unauthorized CC Charge,"We were originally booked at the Millenium, but we were moved here due to burst pipes. I was super nervous about cleanliness etc after reading other reviews. There was a line at check-in, but it did move pretty quickly. They had three staff working the desk. Junior checked is in and was super kind and helpful. He noticed my husbands size and made sure he put us in a room with a decent size bed. Although the room was small, it was definitely clean. I still wipe everything down with Lysol wipes anyways. We had a great stay and did not experience any issues at all. The bed was comfy, the air worked and all was well. My only issue I encountered was an unknown charge for an odd amount of about $160.06 being put on my card, separate from the $50 security hold. I spoke to the",4
271, November 2021,Worse than expected,"Be prepared to wait for getting any kind of assistance from people at the from desk, check in included. Don't expect anything by charges from them. Hotel is a dressed up 2.5 star hotel with 4 star hotel charges. Be ready for no fridge, no kettle or cups at your room. Also be noticed that you will be charge USD 29 per day for 'facilities' which are none. On top of that you pay taxes on this not existence facilities. Also expect to leave your luggage by yourself and leave it in a room where the most important thing over there is to discus the tip with the front guy. Nothing else matters. Lastly, if you send a parcel to the hotel, they will charge you USD 11 per parcel. It doesn't matter when was received, size or value. Overall terrible experience for a holiday in NYC, next",1
272, November 2021,Better than expected,"I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews… but our stay here was lovely! We had a room on the 26th floor with an amazing view onto Times Square. it was great to hear everyone enjoying themselves on the street below! All I would say (as I believe was previously mentioned..) bring some ear plugs if you’re a light sleeper, the road below is quite busy even through the night! I read previous reviews saying the rooms were dirty and they didn’t get fresh bedding or towels which is not true at all! Everyday our room had fresh made beds and towels! The only thing was that there were a few things left by previous guests but nothing ‘dirty’ as such. The location is perfect for literally everything too! The door staff were very efficient and made me feel very safe and welcome.",4
273, November 2021,"Great hotel, great location, great service!","Wonderful to return to the Row NYC after nearly 2 years! The location is perfect for Broadway shows, the room was clean, the views were amazing, and breakfast was delicious and quick. We were delighted to be welcomed again by Christina S at the check-in desk! Warm and friendly, she gave us the best possible service we could imagine, as always. We have already booked our next visit next spring at the Row NYC!",5
274, November 2021,"Overcharged me, confusing unhelpful service","Couldn’t tell me if they had a $50 per night security hold or not, finally a manager told me it would be $50 for the whole 4 night stay, ended up getting charged $100. When I brought this up, lady at the front desk just said “well what’s the difference? It’s only $50, you’re lucky we didn’t charge you $200.” Insane. Reservations can’t help with any questions it seems and is not timely in getting back via email. Lots of hidden resort fees and holds and the rooms are small as well. This hotel is one of the reasons staying in NYC is such a drag. Avoid.",1
275, October 2021,Convenience at best!,"It was the perfect place/location and always so convenient, friendly and practical. Specially if you plan on going to see a Broadway show, or enjoy Hell’s Kitchen restaurants and nightlife! Junior at the front desk really made us feel special, another wonderful stay at the Row.",5
276, October 2021,Fair,"Bathrooms have no fans so they smell like mildew. No coffee machine in the room or coffee in the hotel except for limited time in the a.m. with a long line. Doormen are very friendly, all other staff? Meh. Couldn’t access wi-fi. As you can imagine, we can’t recommend and won’t stay here again.",2
277, October 2021,It was just okay…,"PLEASE NOTE: This is NOT a 4 star hotel. If you are looking for something immaculate, please look elsewhere! I got a room on the 25th floor with a city view. The room was SUPER tiny. I travelled solo, so it was that much of an issue. The rooms are in major need of updating. The shower was clean and the bed was comfortable. Curtains and shades were ripped. Everything was just old, dark & dingy. It seemed that the AC was not working correctly in my room. Also, if you are a light sleeper bring earplugs! 8th Avenue is so noisy! The staff was not friendly or accommodating at all. The location is unbeatable! I was in town to see Broadway and it was just perfect. I don’t think I would stay here again though….",3
278, October 2021,"Great location, near everything.",Row NYC delivered a memorable visit to New York for our 25th Anniversary. It was our first visit to the city since our first visit 25 years ago and it was fantastic. The location was perfect for seeing a show or being a tourist near times square. Hotel management was very helpful and made the trip during Covid feel safe. I will likely visit Row NYC again. I will recommend Row NYC to family and friends.,5
279, October 2021,"Location, location, location!",Great location in the heart of New York cities theater district. Tons of places to eat nearby. Check in had a long line but went fairly quickly. The ladies at the front desk really knew what they were doing. The elevator was just for you and takes you directly to your floor. Pretty neat. The room was small and felt like a cabin on a cruise. The bed was a bit too soft for me and very low to the ground.. View of the city was nice though,4
280, October 2021,Great location and stuff,"Amazing location, clean rooms, helpful stuff. Want to mention Reina and Junior from reception. They was so helpful and made my stay even better. Because of those people I will come back again. The location is great too very close to the subway station",5
281, October 2021,Mini NYC trip,"Our stay at the row nyc was great, the hotel was well maintained and very clean, and had amazing views of the city! The staff were accommodating and location was excellent, only minutes from time square!",5
282, October 2021,Excellent Location!,"The hotel was very accommodating and central to everything! To conveniently located you can walk to all the shops, bars, restaurants, and entertainment. Also bear Central Park! How amazing! Thank you for having us!",5
283, October 2021,GIRLS VACATION,I love this hotel so much! I have stayed here every year and the staff are super friendly and the view from our room was great. We had tons of fun. We also love our bartenders Jaret and Alan! They were the nicest!! Can't wait to go back again!,5
284, October 2021,convenient location,"if we wanted to see more of times square, we'd stay here again. no problems. the doorman, nelson, is a rockstar and can take care of your vehicle while you check in and take your luggage up. he can also help you find a nearby parking garage, but i suggest using the spothero app to find something within reasonable walking distance. we parked in a garage that was right next to WICKED. i don't exactly recommend that garage (we waited 30 minutes to pick up our car), but it was close and decently priced. the security can be spotty, especially late at night when there's a crowd near the elevators... but the rooms were clean. they only have queen beds and the rooms aren't much bigger than the bedframe. bathrooms are one-at-a-time small. it's located right in the broadway theatre",4
285, October 2021,very bad structure,"We arrived on the 17th and we were very well attended at the reception that gave us a suite on the top floor. Our embarrassment started when we realized that the air conditioning didn't work. Only on Thursday night after sleeping very poorly for two nights, we demand another suite. They put us in another suite without the air conditioning working. we insist on an air-conditioned suite. the third suite the air worked. But the bathtub was blocked without running the water when taking a shower. Danger of accident whenever we went to the shower. I do not recommend this hotel.",1
286, October 2021,ROW NYC It can be better!,"I contacted the hotel to make a change to the reservation and upon arrival at the hotel they had not done so. The employee who attended me at check in was not friendly and looked upset (poor customer service). The room is small and uncomfortable but has everything you need and was clean. The hotel is in a good location, close to practically everything.",3
287, September 2021,Unauthorised charges,"Lots of unauthorized charges on my bank statement. Deposit was taken 5 times and never refunded. Some nights I was charged twice for the same night. I have tried reaching out to the hotel, accounts department no one gets back to me, horrible service. I am back in my country and they still trying to debit my card, what kind of business are they running. Does anyone know who I can report them too?",1
288, October 2021,I love staying at Row NYC!,"This was the second time I stayed at Row NYC (first time post-pandemic) and it stays as one of my favorite places in the city. The check-in staff was incredibly helpful and nice, the rooms feel clean, and I felt very safe! The staff at the elevators were very intense about making sure people wore their masks and I greatly appreciated it! The only complaints I have is that the bed isn't very comfortable (which like- very few hotel beds are) and the lobby has a weird smell (but so does half of NYC- but I still love it.) I will continue to stay at Row NYC in the future because it is one of the best places to stay in the city on a budget and the location is great.",4
289, October 2021,"Great location, good price, nice room, no amenities","The pros: 1. Location is PERFECT if you're wanting to be within walking of theaters, Times Square, Madison Square Garden, Fifth Avenue, etc. Subway station less than 5 minute walk if you're wanting to venture further. 2. I stayed 3 nights (Fri-Sun) for around $600 total, which I thought was a GOOD deal in Manhattan. 3. I booked a double room and it was just as pictured on website and even had a window with a view of 8th Avenue. NOTE: The bathroom is tiny and there is no vanity area. The cons: 1. The hotel's restaurant and market are closed because of COVID, so you have to leave the property to get anything to eat. And, there is no live music as advertised on the website. The bar opened at 5PM except for Sunday...when I asked a hotel staff member why it wasn't open, the",3
290, September 2021,Best hotel in the area value for money wise,"Amazing stay at the Row Hotel. Wasn’t expecting much, however was a surprise of how great it had been! Only after moving to a different hotel in the area, POD39, I realized how much the value for money here plays a big role. Will definitely recommend family and friends on this hotel!",5
291, October 2021,"Bed hotel ,","Very dirty hotel, no daily cleaning, noisy hotel and shocking manager. Plus nothing works in the hotel. Just shocking The hotel opens without prior preparation.I do not understand how it has 4 stars.The hotel needs to close or change.Especially the replacement of the principal who does nothing",1
292, October 2021,My time in NYC :),Where do I begin? So far it’s been an amazing experience! Check in did take awhile but from what I saw they are a busy hotel so no big deal. Amazing staff! Awesome hotel! Highly recommend! Can’t wait to go out and explore for the next 2 weeks,5
293, October 2021,Convenient Location but Unclean,"Check in was uneventful, relatively quick and the staff was courteous. The size of the room was adequate. The room however was poorly cleaned. Housekeeping does the bare minimum. The bathroom: shower curtain was stained, a dirty cotton swab from the previous guests was on the floor near the trash bin, the shower head was broken and dangling which sent water spraying everywhere during use. The door to the bathroom was dirty from being used a million times and never being wiped down. The room: a bench with drawers was covered in dirt/dust/grime/stickiness. The room was just not cleaned well and apparently that’s this hotel’s norm. Fortunately, a drug store two blocks from the hotel carried cleaning supplies which I purchased and used to clean and sanitize our space. We left the",2
294, October 2021,Great girls weekend at The Row,"Very centrally located near the Theaters, Time Square, great restaurants, coffee shops & shopping. Building is currently undergoing renovation but staff was friendly & helpful. The price was very good for this area. We would return again.",4
295, September 2021,Check in and Check out is RIDICULOUS,"The Row NYC hotel room was ok, the views were amazing!, but the hotel check in and check out is longggg. Especially my check out on Friday October 1 around 11:30am… there was No sense of urgency at all. One person behind a counter of like 7 computers… guest line wrapped around the corner for the whole 30 mins that I was on the line. This hotel has so much potential but that part ruins the experience.",2
296, September 2021,"Nasty rooms, Eww!!","Long wait to check in. Room was incredibly nasty. Warped carpet everywhere. Permanent marker writing on the side tables. Chipped furniture. Changed rooms twice. Saw a bug in the last room. It was so bad, I asked for a refund and booked with Moxy hotel instantly and checked in with them that night. The only nice thing about the hotel was the manager Cynthia. She approved my refund and it has yet to be refunded back to my credit card. Do not stay here. Pay a lil more and stay in a chain hotel like Moxy.",1
297, September 2021,Fraudulent transaction,"We were due to stay at the Row Hotel in April 2020 for 6 nights but the hotel was closed. They took payment of $1402 from our credit card. They are refusing to reply to us and won’t refund our money. I’ve emailed them practically every day and telephoned them regularly. I have been put through to various departments and left messages which are ignored. There is obviously a hotel policy in place to not refund money due to customers. I note that the manager of this hotel, has stated on this site “there’s nothing more important to us than the happiness of our guests”. Can the manager see these comments? How can future guests have trust in this hotel? Is the Managing Director, Maurizio Bonivento, condoning the dreadful manner in which business in this hotel is being",1
298, September 2021,Unsanitary & awful management,"In utter shock and disappointment. Firstly, I highly dislike having to write an unfortunate review, but I feel as though I have no choice and I hope it helps in some way. After an hour check in process, our original room we checked into was so unsanitary that the ROW NYC staff had to change our rooms for us. Unfortunately our second room was just as bad if not worse. Each day we were dreading coming back to our hotel room knowing the state it was in. The only photo from our first hotel room is the one photo attached of the mystery bodily substance on the carpet by the bed. The rest of the images are all of our second hotel room. As you can see, there was no improvement. Here are the details below: Room 1: 1. Mystery bodily fluid off to the side of the bed on carpet (Not",1
299, September 2021,Horribly understaffed reception,"Accidentally left my key, had to wait FORTY FIVE MINUTES IN LINE on a Sunday evening. Only ONE person working at reception as the other reviews point out - this is a systemic problem that hasn’t been addressed for months. You might think this won’t affect you but ANY issue means dealing with MASSIVE waits. 1300 rooms. One reception employee.",1
300, September 2021,Great Value,"Excellent value - yes, you have to pay some fees at check in, but this was expected as it was mentioned on our booking. We arrived around 5 PM on a Friday and the check-in line was huge; after about an hour we were in our room. Line ups for the elevator were also often long. Otherwise, the room was great value for money, and we have no complaints whatsoever about cleanliness. The location was excellent, just steps from Times Square and very close to the subway. It’s not the most glamorous, but we certainly had no issues as described as others here and enjoyed our stay - for the quite affordable cost and location, it’s hard to beat.",4
301, September 2021,Do Not even try to book this hotel,"3 days ago September 13th, 2021 I called the number 888-352-3650 that was advertised on TripAdvisor to make reservations for the end of September - a woman answered and sound like I woke her up, took for ever to do reservations for 2 rooms. When she was finally done, I asked for a confirmation number, she didn't have one. I gave her my email address to send it to but nothing came in. I called back after few hours to another number for the Row NYC hotel to verify, they didn't have any reservation on my name. I immediately had to cancel my CC!! and wait for a new one to arrive. I don't need to tell you how scary this was. So be careful with this hotel. I would like to hear back and really understand what happened. After reading the reviews I'm happy we are not going to stay",1
302, September 2021,NOT A 4-STAR HOTEL!!,"This hotel was sold to us as a 4-stars hotel. It was FAR from it. The hotel was dark, no light in the lobby. It smell like sewage. The elevators were dark and old. The room was extremely small. The furniture all chipped. The bathroom was so small we could wash our hands while sitting on the toilette bowl. The walls needed paint. the window was so dirty. Only good advantage was location and the cleaning lady. She did an amazing job.But we will never stay there again,nor recommend this place if people are looking for a comfortable nice place to stay.",2
303, September 2021,Do not stay here - pay a little more to stay somewhere nicer!,"Rooms were very dirty and looks like they have not been cleaned. The first room we stayed in was very small. The bathroom had awful popcorn ceiling and had holes and stains on it. The tub fitter also had stains and felt unstable in some parts. After the first night, there was a leak coming from the bathroom ceiling that had yellow water coming from it. The wait to get into a different room took about 20-25 minutes at the Front Desk. The second room we were put in was a little nicer and had a better bathroom. But, there were mysterious stains on the walls and curtain - there were mysterious red “chunks” on the wall by the smoke alarm as well. Also, the elevator system is completely ridiculous. There are 8 elevator bays and 20+ floors with 60 rooms/floor. Only two or three",2
304, September 2021,Be very wary of advertised 'free cancelation' offer,Having made a booking under the hotel's advertised 'free cancelation' offer for October we were disappointed to learn our flights have now been cancelled. I have spent the last week emailing the reservations team to request my booking be cancelled. All emails are ignored. I then contacted the hotel via facebook to ask who I should contact to get a reply. I was advised the reservations team would be in touch...however no reply has been received. I have sent a further two emails and again they have been ignored. Be very wary of the advertised 'free cancelation' as our experience is all requests to cancel will be ignored...,1
305, August 2021,Mediocre!,"Mediocre! You pay extra $30 every night fees for internet and water. There was no water at the floor I was, then I was told there’s only in the 1st floor. The excuse: COVID (August 2021). Because of Covid they don’t have water. Look at the pictures, If they cared about covid, they would be a clean hotel!",1
306, August 2021,"Good location, friendly staff but everything is dirty","The 2 stars are only meant for the friendly housekeeping and front desk staff. The entire hotel is dirty from the lobby, to the elevators, and most especially the rooms. Visible dirt is expected in such a heavy foot traffic hotel but you could see and smell the dirt had seeped into the carpet of the lobby, hallways and the hotel rooms. The first room they gave us had toilet stains, and hair in various parts of the bathroom, in the sink, the bath tub, and on the walls. Some of the toiletries were also obviously used by the previous guest. The bed was made but the sheets had yellow stains. The front desk staff moved us into a different room which also had the same issues and they didn't have any other available room so we took it upon ourselves to just clean the room. I do not",2
307, August 2021,Hot and Run Down!,The hotel does not look like the pictures. Had to change room as soon as we got there because the first one A/C was broken and dirty. Lobby smelled like rotten eggs and was hot. Elevator system was a mess because it would stop at EVERY floor if people were trying to get an elevator coming up or down. I would rather spend a little extra and go anywhere else.,2
308, August 2021,"Great stay, inadequate service","My friends and I planned a NYC trip and booked a double bed room at Row NYC for one night through a booking site (not their official site). Upon arrival, we were told that someone cancelled our reservation and that plans had changed. Confused and agitated, we explained that WE did not cancel anything and we need answers, because how is it that anyone could just cancel someone's reservation? Some length of time goes by and the desk clerk got his manager and she explained our options. Now because we had other reservations to attend that day, we left our bags with Row NYC and decided to come back later. Luckily we had spoke to the desk clerk before he left that we would be coming back to avoid the long line. (So sorry for those that were on it, because even after 30 minutes.. it",3
309, August 2021,Owed money!,"Had reservations at the Row Hotel for April 2020 for 6 nights. They were not open for business on our reserved dates. Hence they owe us a refund. I’ve sent numerous emails, none of which have been answered. We’ve also rang the hotel and been told that someone will call us back. This hasn’t happened. I can see on trip advisor and Instagram that many others are in the same position as us. What is happening with this hotel? Are management going to continue ignoring their customers and keeping money that is owed to them? Surely this is fraud.",1
310, August 2021,Do not waste your money,"I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel. The hallways were extremely dingy and the room was far from clean. In our room the bathroom mirror had not been cleaned, there was a layer of dust on the shelf in the bathroom, and the floors clearly had not been vacuumed. Disturbingly enough there were also fingerprints, not sure if it was blood, dirt or makeup, on the bathroom wall. We had a two queen bed room and one of the sheets had several large holes and stains on the sheet. The hotel also has water stations and provide you two plastic cups to use at these stations. Unfortunately on the 16th floor the water station was very much out of service. There was rusted water in the machine, see pictures. A hotel worker was passing by as I was taking a picture and said “oh we have",1
311, August 2021,Never Again,"I stayed at ROW NYC multiple times and it has never been this bad. As we approached the front of the hotel, we were informed that the hotel no longer does valet parking, and that we would have to walk and park our cars (Just an FYI). For first timers staying at the hotel, the elevators work by entering the first two numbers of your room number (that's your floor number) into the keypad outside of the elevator and it will assign you to an elevator. DO NOT attempt to jump into any other elevator, because the elevators are specifically assigned to certain floors. OK, the real review is about the room we were staying in.. it was HORRIBLE. The bathroom looked worse than an outdoor gas station restroom. There were stains on the walls, hair left in the shower, old soap left on the",1
312, August 2021,Very nice comfortable stay,"Had a great stay with my daughter for 5 days . Nice clean rooms and bathrooms, friendly staff and they let us check in early. The room and bathroom were cleaned and toiletary supplies were replaced every day . The location was great with easy access to places. Liked that they had a safe where we could lock up our valuables when we were out of the room. Felt very comfortable and safe . Pricing was very low compared to nearby hotels. Would recommend to anyone who is liking for a simple, comfortable and safe stay at low cost.",4
313, August 2021,Dirty and smelly,The room was so dirty. I had to Pay extra for a mini fridge. The elevators smelled SO BAD. On my floor hallway the ceiling was falling off. Water and ice machine didn’t work as well as AC in hallways and front desk. I won’t recommend this hotel. The only good thing was the location.,2
314, August 2021,Creepy - Felt Unsafe,"This was a horrible experience. We changed rooms 2 times the first night. The first rooms was dirty. The key didn’t open the door of the 2nd room. The 3rd room had stained sheets on one bed. Also, the security lock didn’t work properly for that 3rd room. The manager was annoyed at us for being frustrated about having to go back and forth; while dragging our bags. The hallways were too dark. Anyone can access the elevators to any floor. The hallway of the 3rd room smelled of marijuana. We checked out after staying only 1 of 4 nights. The hotel is refusing to refund my money to Expedia. This hotel looks nothing like the website. I understand the lack of amenities due to COVID-19. However, if you don’t vacuum the floors or provide clean sheets during this time; that’s a",1
315, August 2021,Do NOT stay here,"Do NOT recommend staying here. For starters, check-in was very long, and there is no air conditioning in the lobby. That was not a good start. We traveled with another couple and we checked in first. We asked the front desk individual to place the other couple on our same floor. He said he would ""try."" The other couple then checked in and said, ""he told us not to tell you, but he upgraded us because the gentleman was tall."" Pretty rude for us, but good for our friends as it was their first time in NYC. To get into the elevators you have to enter your floor number, pretty simple but the elevators are very tiny. They are also extremely gross. Every elevator we went on (It appears they have 8, but only 4 were working) was disgusting. Trash, liter, and at some points smelled like",2
316, August 2021,Awful experience,Check in the evening took over 45 minutes. Only one person behind the front desk and a line across the lobby. She was spending 8-10 minutes per guest to check in people. Elevators in front of hotel out of service. Our card to our room didn’t work the next day. Went to front desk at 10am. Nobody around. Finally found somebody who literally worked on their computer in front of me for a good 10 minutes and did nothing to help before a front desk person showed up. Rooms did not feel clean. Toilet (like one at a public rest area) was leaking. Zero stars if I could do it. There are other much nicer hotels in this area for same price.,1
317, December 2020,The worst,Awful. Front desk lady was so rude. Extra charges. The room was so small you could barely walk around the bed. Our rooms thermostat was broken easily stay 80 degrees and you couldn’t change it and we weren’t able to crack a window. ALL staff were extremely rude!! No luck with talking to manager we were able to see one.,1
318, June 2021,Closed,"I visit this location at least twice a year around the same time for the exception of year 2020. Hotel is CLOSED until August. Website and social media does not say is closed. I arrived at the location, which was ghost town. Called customer service, they inform me hotel is closed and my reservation should've been cancelled, which was not. Operator was not help, all they did was apologize and offer me to cancel reservation, which made no sense. Of course I don't want to be charge if I have no room. No recomposition, no nothing. I was basically homeless in New York. Trying to contact the hotel via email calls and no response. SHAME SHAME SHAME",1
319, June 2021,Hotel canceled our reservations,"HOTEL CLOSED till August! Our reservation was canceled by the hotel 20 mins before we arrived. My physically handicapped daughter and I spent days searching for the perfect location and hotel for our family vacation to NYC. After she saw the pictures of this hotel she begged me to book our stay here. The price fit our budget and they offered free parking so I booked our stay directly from Row NYC's website. A week before we were to leave for our trip I got an email confirmation verifying our stay. I got another email 3 days before our trip verifying our stay again along with things to do around the city. On our day of travel, we were about 20 minutes from the hotel the cityscape within our sight. My husband was driving we both looked at the GPS on my phone and saw an email",1
320, July 2020,TERRIBLE - 1 YEAR WITHOUT ANY REFUND,"I did my reservation, because of COVID 19 me and my girlfriend wasn't able to travel to the USA, all the flights were closed from Brazil. We placed a cancelation on the website we have bought the reservation. Until now, more than 1 year later, I didn't received the money back. That's a shame, how they can keep your money if your not able to entrance the country. Hope the ROW NYC could help us to get a resolution and get that money back.",1
321, March 2021,Hidden charges,"The stay could go over budget easily. Be careful and listen to everything the guy/gal at reception says as a slight mis step - like dialing the wrong button on the room telephone, wrong button on TV remote - and you are charged an extra amount on your credit card. Listen to what you are told during check in and avoid the pitfalls. One of our family member got sucked in. We listened carefully and avoided those charges. Rooms are small and expensive.",1
322, February 2021,Cancellation with notification from the hotel.,We planned (my 2 children and myself) to stay at the Row hotel. I called a few days before and to my surprise the Row hotel has been closed and our room was canceled (without any notification). Unprofessional and rude.,1
323, March 2020,"Deposit $250, etc NOT returned","Very poor customer service. Stay 9-18 March 2020 Due possible closure of Airport & Hotel I left Sun 15th midday. Told front desk Staff & Supv. I was checking out, going to Airport to fly back to Ireland. I rang front desk from Dublin confirmed I'd checked out. I lost 3 nts. accommodation +3 local taxes, & deposit.. $869",2
324, February 2020,Never got deposit money back,"We stayed in Row NYC Hotel on February last year. We were asked for 100$ deposit when we checked in, but we never got the money back. We claimed it during the pandemic, but nothing happened, just excuses and ignorance.",2
325, January 2020,Staying in Row for NY Marathon,"My first time in new york. I stayed in Row during the NY City marathon with my girlfriend. I enjoy the place, huge, right a block away from times square. The hotel was pretty crowed. Nice place to stay in new york.",4
326, August 2020,Six months after being unable to stay there and still no answer! Give me back my money!,"To all possible new customers: beware with what you book here! It has passed two months after I was unable to fly to NYC due to first, tourist restrictions and then my flight being cancelled because of all this COVID ongoing situation and I'm still expecting the Row to give my money back as they promised to. Really, should I take my case to Consumers Union?? Since the very first moment I knew there were restrictions in the US border, I contacted sales department and they were ok with cancellation and they AGREED TO REFUND MY MONEY as this was an understandable situation... but that was all on paper and the place looks to be closed. I had the same problem with other hotels (Boston, Washington DC) during this COVID time, they replied and have it solved. This is not what I expect",1
327, November 2020,Impossible to get hold of,We were due to stay at this hotel for my husbands 40th birthday in November unfortunately due to Covid and being locked down we were unable to travel. After numerous phone calls with Expedia we are constantly told they could not get any answers from the hotel. I am not even sure they are still open and worry what would of happened if we were able to travel. So disappointed.,1
328, October 2020,Terrible Customer Service,I tried to cancel my stay at the hotel as I'd heard bad reviews but all my emails went unanswered. I assume that they must have gone out of business and so don't expect to stay here and you probably won't get a refund. I've stayed in New York many times before; this is the worst customer service that I've ever experienced.,1
329, December 2019,"Nice Bar, Good Value Hotel","I stayed once at the Row having stayed twice when it was the old Milford. It's a great location and has an active bar, better than move NYC hotels I can think of. The rooms I've been in are OK, for the price and location it's above average IMO. Only complaint I had was the key cards malfunctioned which was an inconvenience. I'd stay again when this nightmare is over.",4
330, January 2020,Nothing special,"Me and my partner stayed here at the beginning of January. When we arrived we had to pay $160 for a resort fee and for any damages which may occur, I think they give you a free water bottle included in this price (expensive water bottle if you ask me) we didn’t bother take them. We were unaware of these fee’s so we were a bit confused but after reading online the majority of hotels charged them so whatever the price you think your holiday is add at least an extra £150 on top. The room was basic and kind of clean but there was an awful smell which I think was from the radiator, I decided to buy a plug in air fresher which got rid of the smell. The only really good thing about this hotel is it’s location, literally turn the corner and you’re in Times Square! Overall, it’s an",3
331, October 2020,DO NOT RISK IT!,"Had booked to stay here in October. Obviously, due to COVID, we had to cancel our stay. I rang at the start of September explaining the situation. I spoke to a lady who assured me that, as per their website, they were offering full refunds until 31/12/20. She said I would get an email saying that my reservation would be cancelled and that I would be charged the full amount. I was to ignore this as they would be refunding me. I left it a couple of weeks and then checked my credit card statement. No refund. I rang and rang and rang. I emailed, no reply. I have now emailed 4 times, called over 50 times and written to them via Facebook Messenger. Today, I got through! I couldn’t believe it! Was then told that the hotel was closed and wouldn’t be open until at least January 2021 so",1
332, November 2020,Closed,"Booked our stay at the Row Hotel online and when we arrived we were notified by the security guard the hotel was closed and we had to check in at a different hotel a couple blocks away?? Spent thirty minutes at the other hotel trying to check in to Row and they instead moved us to their hotel for the same price because Row was closed for covid. If Row is closed, they should not be taking reservations. It wasted our time and left us very confused in the middle of Times Square with all our luggage.",1
333, October 2020,No reply,Contacted this hotel ten times with no reply! Are u even open? I’m due to stay in this 24th November. But as there is a pandemic and I’m from Ireland there is restrictions to America. What are my options,1
334, December 2019,Excellent location!,"The location of this hotel it's amazing! Right around Times Square and near many theaters. There are a lot of restaurants and bars nearby too. The rooms are super small however we were just using them to sleep. The only conn that I would give to this hotel it's the elevators situation. It's frustrating. Everyday we took up to 15 minutes to try to reach the lobby, they were so crowded! I I felt at the subway haha. I believe the system could be improved. But overall, great hotel! I would recommend it.",4
335, February 2020,Incredible,Very well located. Nice mood. Clean is amazing. Near of the metro and Times Square. Easy access to a lot of nice places in NY. Near by Central Park. No doubt that i will stay again in this hotel when i come back to NY.,5
336, July 2020,Unable to travel - but would still recommend,"I am impressed with how accommodating Row was. Due to the travel ban between Canada and the US, we were unable to take our trip. They worked hard to refund us, even though they have a no refund policy",5
337, December 2019,Excellent,"Service is so nice and polite! It is so quite and beautiful place, you should check it! It is near from TImes Square, so you can go whenever you want! There are also many restaurant in the hotel, so you can eat without gou out from the hotel.",5
338, July 2020,"Worst hotel, no sympathy what so ever. No compassion either",Could not get to New York due to Covid 19. Contacted the hotel well in advance to tell them the Australian border wwas closed and we would not be there. They just kept sending emails advising us of when we were staying. It was a no refund booking however these are exceptional circumstances and a refund should have been applied. The response was no refund. So hope they enjoyed our $1500 AU We plan sometime when this is all over to go to New York but the ROW will not be a place to stay. Poor Poor form on their part.,1
339, March 2020,Family trip,"So I stayed here on my second trip to NYC which was March 2020. On check in I asked for an upgrade if available. I had written and asked if one was available and was told to ask upon check in. I was informed I was given a view. (this I had paid for) but no big deal. Always worth asking. I read a lot about this hotel on a Facebook page before travelling and at one stage thought about changing. Check in was fast and pleasant. Elevators 6 of them and in a 6 days we never had to wait long. Security beside the elevators in the evening asking for room key. Talk is some floors are rented out to homeless and if so we never had any trouble because of this so if this bothers you don't let it. Location- Top marks, its beside a tube station, around the corner from Broadway and 5 mins to",3
340, March 2020,Enjoyed our stay,"We had an overall great experience. Would stay there again. Gezennia helped us, and she was extremely helpful. Pretty good value for a Manhattan hotel. Kind of cramped, but that is to be expected in the area.",4
341, July 2019,Amazing Overnight Trip,I had an amazing stay at this hotel. Right in the center of Time Square and was able to walk to the play I was seeing. Ate at a few of the restaurants in the hotel which had very good food and a cool setup. The room was small but was very clean and well maintained. Loved all the brightness and even was able to get a corner room with a nice view of the city. Another cool thing was how the room keys could also double as a luggage tag. Staff was also really sweet and accommodating to us. Do remember that it is near Times square so it could be crowded and a bit noisy. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to go to the city. Do not listen to these skeptical review this is a great hotel!,5
342, April 2020,A good short break,"the hotel is big and fancy its cost a bit of money and the room is big have alot of thing like TV, big bath room, big bed. The room service is great they work until 5 am. You will have free breakfast.",5
343, February 2020,Outdated. DEPOSIT NOT RETURNED,The $50 a day which they hold in your account (I stayed for 4 nights 5 days) for damages to room etc WAS NOT RETURNED BACK TO MY ACCOUNT! At present I’m still fighting to get my own money back! Froze $300 for 5 days and only returned $100!,1
344, January 2020,"Great Rates, Great location","The rates are always the best if I wind up coming a weekend that seems to be expensive....the location you can't beat. ...only a few blocks from where we park and in the heart of theater district. The rooms are TINY, and the beds are perfectly fine. Nothing luxury about the rooms but all in all one of my top spots to check when I come into the city.",4
345, March 2020,ROW NYC,"Brilliant hotel, perfect location, nice sized room, lovely breakfast and staff were very accomodating. All essential items are supplied which is lovely and bed is extremely comfortable. Perfect stay thank you!",5
346, March 2020,Didn’t even offer a refund due to a pandemic!,Didn’t stay because the whole city is in a pandemic!! They didn’t even offer a refund or a cancellation. I will never stay here or try to ever again ...........maybe the could have asked for me to reschedule instead of a refund and I would have,1
347, March 2020,Great hotel in the heart of Manhattan/Times Square!,"I always enjoy my stay at the Row Hotel. The check-in is always warm and friendly and the rooms have always been clean, fairly quiet, spacious (by NYC standards) and usually with a decent view. This has quickly become my 'go to' hotel when visiting the City because of the location (and the good price helps too!). After check-in I received a text message asking if everything was ok and if I was happy/comfortable with my room. This was my first time receiving this (I've stayed at the hotel a few times before) and I found it was a nice added touch. My room was a good size and very light and spacious. On my third day there were some issues with the internet and upon checking out I mentioned this to the staff at the counter. I was given a credit for this and a big apology which",5
348, February 2020,Not worth the money you spend,Room is too small and overpriced. Highly disappointed. Customer service representative's attitude was no nasty and unreal. Never again!!! I strongly wouldn't recommend anyone staying here. I feel like i threw my money in the garbage when i spent it here.,2
349, February 2020,Avoid!,"The only benefit this hotel has is the location, the rest of the experience was very disappointing. Upon arriving at the hotel we had a 45min wait to checked in. Very large queue and only 2 staff working. We where asked to pay £50 per room per night deposit that we where reassured would be back in our account within 7days. It is now over a month later and this has still not been refunded and we have had to log a fraud claim with our bank. Room was filthy! Carpet was dirty and had not been hoovered. Thick dust everywhere, mould in the bathroom and drip marks all down the dressing table. Next morning we asked to be moved. The next room was slightly better. Staff where unconcerned about the state of the room and seemed like it was standard. Staff where unfriendly and",1
350, March 2020,Scam,I would not recommend this hotel. They do not make the full price known upfront.. they wait until you arrive to tell you the extra fees you owe. They told me they did not know how to enter my card in manually because my chip on my card did not work in their machine... overall very unprofessional.,2
351, March 2020,Hotel still not refunded pre authorised deposit!!,"Well the hotel has one plus! It’s location is very good! However the rest is most disappointing! Arrived to checkin after a long flight to be faced with an excessive que which lasted 45mins until we were greeted to check in. Only two people checking in even tho there were plenty of other empty desks. When checking in we were told we needed to pay a refundable deposit In case we wonted to use any other facilities. We did not require any services so I just put the two deposits on my credit card as I was informed it would be released back onto my card within 7 days after check out. We were a party of four we had two rooms booked under one name. However we were allocated three floors apart, not really acceptable when you are travelling with friends, surely it would be logical to",1
352, March 2020,AMAZING EXPERIENCE,Checking in was very fast and efficient the entire staff make you feel very comfortable and safe. Guards make sure you've got a key to your room before they let you into the elevators. Housekeeping do an amazing job at cleaning up your room and assuring you've got your needs stocked up.,5
353, March 2020,Excellent Establishment,The Row is a place where style and service are first. The staff kind and courteous. The rooms comfortable and homey. and the proximity to everything you could need perfect. An amazing place to stay and would and will stay again,5
354, March 2020,Birthday Trip,Great place for the price and location is terrific. We have stayed at Row NYC many times before for an annual spring trip. We were awarded complimentary drink cards because of our mutual birthdays at this time of year.,5
355, March 2020,The hotel location saves the evaluation,"The hotel is good, considering cost/benefits. The only two problems I had were regarding facilities fees, which were almos half of the daily rate, and the sound isolation of the room, which was very poor. Another negative point is the room heater. It is too noisy! No way to use it; during the night, it seemed something was falling from the building!",3
356, March 2020,Highly recommended!,"Really enjoyed my stay there , the staff was always really smiley and helpful! I especially loved the lady who was cleaning my room . I slept till fairly late most days and popped out for a coffee for 20 minutes before leaving the room for the day. She made sure that she changed my bedding in that 20 minutes nearly everyday. The view of my room was also great, i could see the corner of Time Square on one side and the river on the other.",5
357, February 2020,SIN,"Room for 1 person, not for two, contested room say it was the last .... booked 2 months first with still great availability. No space to open suitcases. wardrobe: clothes enter but not jackets for 2, which you need in winter. The safe is missing !!",2
358, March 2020,Rude staff!,"I would never stay there again. Very expensive for what it was, tiny room. Clean in places but as soon as it was a little out of reach, it was filthy. I would definitely recommend you stay somewhere else!!!",2
359, December 2019,BE AWARE - They add charges w/o permission!!!!,"THIEVES - RUN TO ANOTHER HOTEL!!! Be very careful - they will add charges to your bill and will not receive any notification. I did NOT ask to use the facilities since I was only there overnight (just a place to sleep) and found out on my credit card statement that they added a charge. When trying to resolve it they basically said they couldn't help - WTF? First, I was never asked if I wanted anything extra and Second, I did not receive a bill in the morning showing my final total, which would have alerted me to the additional charge. Lastly, when I called they insisted that I need to contact Booking.com because I made the reservation through them and they can't help me. Funny, my credit card company was able to finally get the answer. **** They had charged me extra for",1
360, March 2020,Fine experience,"The main reason for our trip was Broadway, and the location could not have been better for that reason - 10-minutes was our longest walk to the Winter Garden theatre. Room was pretty much all that we needed/expected for an NYC room. I will warn other guests that the Airbnb listing does NOT include the additional fees you will incur. The Airbnb listing was $337 for a 3-night stay, but after fees we ended up paying close to $600. Still not a bad price for the location, but would have preferred to have seen those up front.",4
361, March 2020,Protect yourself,"Honestly the hotel was great!! Located in the middle of it all and easy access to everything. My only issue was, in the wake of the coronavirus and NYC being one of the places with the most cases, they had NO type of extra sanitizing or cleaning. This is what made me give the a lower rating than excellent and why I titled it protect yourself. You guys (Row hotel) need to be a lot more proactive especially with the high volume of international guests you get. I was there 1 1/2 weeks ago 3/6-3/7 and came across at least 3 large international groups. Add that to the locals who are already sick and that makes you a big zest pool for germs. The rooms were clean the bathroom in the room we stayed in was clean (and trust me I examined it like a mom on a Saturday morning), tub lining",4
362, February 2020,Poor customer service and room conditions,"Customer service was poor, felt afraid of discussing an issue with one of the employees. Felt there were no greetings, no reassurance or follow up on complaints. Also room was worst than hostels I've stayed before. There was a dor connection my room to my neighbour's and it felt unsafe. Didn't feel safe leaving money or high value objects in the room. Woke up with noises in the door. Shower room was the worst. Always flooding. This was a higher price room, I'm afraid of what the basic would look like. Not worth the price at all.",1
363, March 2020,Amazing flexibility with excellent customer service!,"Amazing customer service at this difficult time for the hotel industry. The service provided ticked every box - fast, efficient, professional and flexible! Thank you for being understanding and accommodating and a big shout out to Arelis in your reservation dept. She rocks!!",5
364, March 2020,The Room,"The place was very close to the most important shops and restaurants. There are some trains stations. You have to take a minute, when you’re looking for your place ( room ) because will be not the same you saw .",3
365, March 2020,Very good place to stay,I stayed at this hotel on and off for 3 weeks. At least 4 nights a week. The staff is very friendly and took care of everything I needed. I needed a quiet room and they took care of it. My stay was very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel. prices are very good to.,5
366, March 2020,"Perfect location. Correct room, poor bath","The decoration was ugly and the bath was very old. Internet works well, everything was clean. The bed are comfortable. The air conditioning was very noisy. The location was espectacular, we had have near everything",3
367, March 2020,"if you are a light sleeper, don't stay here","We got to our room and the first thing we had to do was ask for a room change due to being hit by a powerful smell of smoke in the first room, I don't think you are allowed to smoke here but someone clearly had been. Plus the room was seriously small and we couldn't do with being locked in a small space smelling like that. Luckily they changed our room no questions asked. Most of the staff on reception were not 'rude' but they didn't exactly seem friendly either. Anyway, the second room was a little bigger and fresher, great! We only stayed for 3 nights, but I barely slept at all the whole time. The walls must be so thin because I could hear EVERYTHING from the rooms around us. Yes we may have been very unlucky and just got very bad neighbours who started playing music at 3am,",2
368, March 2020,Great location bad cleanliness,Was super excited about the location of the hotel but not too happy with the cleanliness of it. There was mold on the shower head and edge of the tub and something that had dripped on the tub that looked like conditioner but I was not going to touch and find out eww. Also when i booked the hotel I got a secret deal that they had on their page for $65 with tax and knew there was a $30 hotel fee that would be added when checked in but at the end spent $130 for the room....,3
369, March 2020,Absolutely stay here- ignore the picky reviewers!,Me and my mum stayed here for 4 nights- I had read the reviews and was apprehensive. The hotel is on 8th Avenue- the next street to Times Square!! Couldn’t be more centrally located!! So with the location comes outside noise- not the fault of the hotel- just bring earplugs!! You can’t have silence and a perfect location! The room we had (superior) was perfect for our needs. Didn’t find any fault with cleanliness- there’s wear and tear but totally acceptable. The hotel is very busy- there’s something like 400 rooms- the people are going to be viable and moving about!!!!we had no issue with the elevators- yes we had to wait a few minutes sometimes but what harm- again what do you expect in Times Square!! The bed was extremely comfortable and always cleaned and restocked everyday.,4
370, March 2020,Wildly disrespectful staff. Convenient location.,"When I asked if there were stairs I could take when the elevator was down, a staff member put their hand in my face and walked away. The printers were down and you had to email what you wanted printed. I was given other people’s show tickets. When I tried to return them I was told to stand in a 30 minute line to give the tickets that weren’t mine back to the staff. I wasn’t ever looked in the eye by the people behind the desk. I was shocked and appalled at the level of disrespect with which I was treated. I could never recommend that experience to a friend. Maybe to an enemy though!",1
371, September 2019,Love nyc dislike row,"Hotel was greatly located close to Times Square. The rooms where tiny, smelly and dirty. Had to ask for someone to come clean the bath tub and toilet before they could be used. Would not recommend anyone to stay here",2
372, February 2020,Unprofessional employee !,Long story short the day I had to check out I went to the lobby and I asked someone for help on checking out. He directed me to a lady at the desk to help me along with a guy in a wheel chair. I let the guy go first and then when it was my turn. The lady refused to help me and only help the guy because he was in a wheel chair. Told me to get in line to check out.,3
373, March 2020,Blah,"Don’t stay here. The elevators take forever. And trust me, that’s seems minuscule but once you have a group of 15 people that accumulated waiting for the one elevator they were assigned to go on, it gets pretty annoying. Upon check in, the representatives seemed in no hurry to help up. I was in line for about 10 minutes to check in and the people ahead of me were all looking for managers to speak to for complaints.. lol",2
374, March 2020,Set in the heart of NYC,"I took my girlfriend to NYC for a surprise 40th and booked the Row after finding it on a search on booking.com. I paid a little more for a Deluxe room with city views as read that some basic rooms are small. I think this is the basis for most hotels in NYC. The Row seemed to tick every box when booking - nice looking, good amenities, close to all the attractions and a decent price. I did at one point nearly change my booking for a cheaper hotel, and so glad that I didn’t! We arrived by limo from jfk (extravagant but a gift and well worth it!). I expected to be jumped on my bellboys as soon as our door opened, but we didn’t, which I was quite happy with! We checked In very quickly, only 1 person in front of us. My only issues with check in was that the man on reception charged",5
375, March 2020,Second time at Row- still a great location & v alue,"Row Hotel is in a great location, and offers a variety of rooms at great prices. I've enjoyed my stay twice in a year, and am going back in a month. The property is located just a few minutes' walk from Broadway theaters, Times Square, the subway, Hell's Kitchen, and a hundred restaurants offering all kinds of food. The hotel provides a great pit stop in between sightseeing, plays, and other adventures you can experience only in New York.",5
376, March 2020,Dirty,"To dirty - special the bathroom. Reaction from management after asking, if it is possible to clean was: You have to accept how it is. No wireless for 1 day and no elevator. Service personal was very friendly.",2
377, March 2020,"Overpriced, but you pay for convenience","Pros: Upon arrival at 2 pm we were placed in a room right away, check in wasn’t until 4pm. Room was quaint, but clean. Nice view, one block from Times Square, but quiet. Complimentary breakfast consisted of fresh pastries and bagels, fruit, and boiled eggs. Security checked room keys nightly at the elevators, which was nice since it’s in a busy area. Cons: We were placed in a Queen room instead of the King we paid for, we were offered to swap rooms or receive a partial refund. Since we had already unpacked, and did not need a larger bed, we opted for partial refund. Three days post trip, we have not received the refund or the $100 deposit due at check in for “incidentals.” I plan to follow up with this tomorrow. Small rust spots, soft spots in shower/tub floor, multiple",3
378, February 2020,Business Trip,Was charged an additional $114 on top of Egencia booking fees of $88 that I thought was the total charge for my stay....still holding waiting to speak with a billing representative. Not sure why the amount was greater than what was promised to me when I booked the room!,1
379, March 2020,"Good facility, good service, great location","The Row is wonderfully located at the heart of the Broadway nightlife scene, and just half a block away from a subway station. The modern decor is very attractive. The City Kitchen offers good food alternatives from breakfast to dinner.",5
380, March 2020,GOOD BUT...,"Fine hotel, clean room, electric shades on windows. windows open- had issue with housekeeping providing sheets on sofa bed. not going to write more to fill 200 word limit-silly requirement to write a review",3
381, March 2020,Great staff nice room for the price,"Great deal, really helpful staff and the room had a beautiful view. Nice big windows. Very clean room with a big bathroom, close to a lot of sites. Will stay here again the next time I am in New York City.",5
382, March 2020,Nice hotel,Stayed here for 5 nights in March and hotel was nice. Room was on small side however this is what you can expect when staying in NY. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom acceptable. Room was cleaned well every day and the maids stocked up the toiletries for us to use. Hotel is in nice location and was close to the port authority bus terminal. Lifts to the rooms were a bit of a nuisance when busy as you enter floor number into a panel and it tells you what lift to get. At one point there must have been at least 20 people waiting on same lift and obviously it can’t take this many. We had to try a few times before we finally managed to get a lift to our floor. Other than this the hotel was good.,4
383, February 2020,Great location,"Great location. Easy transit to anywhere in the city. this was my fifth trip to this hotel and probably the best that I've had here. After my last trip, i wasn't very impressed and was considering going elsewhere, but the Row NYC has drastically improved since my previous visit just over a year ago.",4
384, February 2020,Don't book this hotel.,"Stayed at Row NYC at the end of February, well for a couple of hours. The noise from the lifts was unbearable so I asked the receptionist if I could be moved, but she said that the hotel was fully booked. I ended up booking a room at the Radisson Hotel up the road which was very good. Row NYC was also very dirty and the lifts had the smell of drugs.",1
385, February 2020,OK but skip breakfast!,Huge hotel. Check in was painless and our queen room with city view was fine if not awe inspiring. The standard double rooms are tiny. Our daughter was originally allocated one which she had to move from because of noise! There are no tea/coffee facilities which is disappointing. The breakfast is abysmal. Cold hard boiled eggs and croissant/muffin do not do it for me.,3
386, February 2020,Average,Good location for times square. Rooms are not very spacious with small beds. Lobby is always very busy and it takes quite some time to get a lift. Check-in staff were not very up front about hotel taxes and didn’t make it clear these would be taken from the deposit. Overall was good for our first visit.,3
387, March 2020,Thank you Yara for making us feel special!,Just wanted to thank Yara on Reception for making our stay special. It was our daughters 21st Birthday and mine and my husband’s 30th Wedding Anniversary! She sent wine and a lovely message to both our rooms! Great vibe in the hotel and great pizzas in District M! Hotel near to broadway shows! Thoroughly enjoyed our stay !,5
388, February 2020,neither bad nor good for a 4 star hotel,- noisy - unfriendly staff - not really having a breakfast room - good WiFi - expensive for what U get - room has only carpet (Upper standard) - no cabinet in the room - not much space - hear your neighbour - hear elevator and other electronical machines in the floor at night (look for a quiet room),3
389, April 2019,Not that good,"I was there in March 2019. Positive feedback: 1. Location is great 2. Receptionist are professional. Negative feedback: 1. Room, not that clean. Carpet is old and smelly, bathtub smells like urine sewage. 2. No free water, no free coffee sticks, no water kettle etc 3. Room is very small. 4. Price is high, especially when there is a currency exchange and having the above negative feedback. 5. You can hear other people's voice across the room. I'm glad they were quite at night.",3
390, February 2020,Pleasantly Surprised,"I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at this hotel. After reading so many reviews and not all of them good, I was concerned about where I would be staying. The room was clean, and quite spacious. Granted the rooms are dated and could do with a refresh of paint. The towels and sheets were changed every day, room hoovered daily etc. My room was part of a holiday package with British Airways and I’d picked the most basic room meaning the view wasn’t great. I already knew about the resort fee for each day, so that wasn’t a shock for me. I also had no issues with the lift, you put in your floor number and it tells you which lift is next. Every member of staff I encountered were all polite and friendly. My only criticism would be the lack of tea and coffee making",5
391, February 2020,Great location,Wish I had more time at the hotel. A very convenient location. The fitness centre was really good to have after a day of sightseeing. Extremely comfortable room with a firm mattress. Friendly staff. Highly recommend.,5
392, February 2020,Very Very Good,"Hard to fault in all honesty, girlfriend and I were in New York for a long weekend and stayed here. The location is brilliant, you can’t be much closer to Times Square. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, especially the gentleman at the concierge desk! We were also lucky enough to get a room with a view and it didn’t disappoint, it was also very comfortable. The only reason this isn’t a 5* review is down to the cleanliness of the room which was the only noticeable flaw in comparison to the remainder of our stay. In short, definitely recommend in terms of location, staff and value for money. (Also definitely recommend a trip up the Rockefeller, see attached photos for brilliant views)",4
393, February 2020,Hotel not what I expected staff not friendly no atmosphere no tea or coffee facilities or fridge in room very disappoin.,Great location for getting around New York there are lot of places you can visit within walking close to the metro. New York is a beautiful city will be going back but definitely not to the Row Hotel on 8th Avenue,2
394, February 2020,Hidden charges,Got hit with some unexpected charges and don’t understand what they are for. The place is cool & perfect for a busy active stay. Room was good apart from the noise from the heater / air on unit. Would have loved a kettle in the room for a morning cuppa,2
395, February 2020,Good place,"Row is a good place for lonely or couple but with an entire family it is not good because is small. The cast and crew are very friendly, I do not remember the name of restaurant but there are two ecuadorians so kind. The location is convenient next to Time Square.",4
396, February 2020,"Not what we expected, get what you pay for?","From the start the staff seemed hostile when we checked-in, like we were a nuisance. We brushed it off and went to our room which was in great condition other than the bathroom tub. Our last night we came in with the room having a strong urine smell. We opened the bathroom door and an awful sewer smell engulfed the small room. It was strong enought to make you gag. Despite the 15 degree weather we opened the window, sealed the door, and hoped for the best. Smell somewhat went away during the night,eventually closing the windows. Let management know and never got a real response. Other than that room is ok and in a great location walking distance from everything. Breakfast was not included. We were never told it was something we could buy we initially thought it was included",3
397, March 2020,Loud and persistent noise from elevators,I was assigned a room next to the elevators and the persistent and loud noise coming from the movement of the elevators made it impossible to sleep at all. Front office rejected my request to change to another room claiming that the hotel was fully booked and basically said there was nothing they could do period.,1
398, February 2020,Great Location and Price -Bad Breakfast,"The Location, room, Internet, Price, Customer Support etc. was great! Unfortunately the breakfast was so bad! Not only it is so poor, but the Personal at „Café District M“ is absolute unfriendly and you get everything in one-use tableware, that makes LOTS of waste!",4
399, January 2020,Excellent Stay,Room was spacious and clean. Staff was friendly! Close to everything! We were allowed to leave our luggage at the hotel after checkout. Bed was super comfortable! Great coffee in the lobby. Hotel is near Times Square!!,5
400, February 2020,Great place to stay,"This was the perfect place for my daughter and me. Very close to the Theaters. Lots to do very close by. Our stay was easy, room clean, breakfast was perfect. I couldn’t have wanted anything different and I thought the price was excellent. Every person on staff was very nice, easy to get a taxi on the day we left, felt very safe entire time. I am already planning the next stay.",5
401, February 2020,"Great location, lobby, bar and restaurant. Small and basic rooms","Great lobby, bar and restaurant. Small and basic rooms. The hotel have a great location, two blocks away from the Time Square. All the important sites of the city are about 15 - 25 minutes from the hotel taking the subway.",4
402, March 2020,new York vacation,"I will highly recommend the road ask your hotel for a New York City vacation, great location walking distance to times square literally a block away, front desk personnel was super helpful I will definitely stay on the road again",5
403, February 2020,Geoff Tate Rage/Empire,"Douglas was extremely kind and helpful. I appreciate the recommendation for restaurants. It was great to see Junior again. All of the staff,security on up to housekeeping personnel are wonderful,helpful,kind people. I was very impressed to be texted about my stay throughout my visit all the way up to General Mgmt. Wow and Thank You! See you soon! This is my only stay in New York City hotel. If I can't stay here,I won't go. Oh,and please give frequent visitors free upgrades. That would be Awesome!",5
404, March 2020,Nice hotel,I like this hotel specially with the price..I love it...plus quick check in and checkout...no disturbances..just the way I like...I ll look forward for this hotel on my next visit to the city...I ll definitely recommend this hotel,5
405, February 2020,Great location but a lot to improve,"I thought the breakfast was buffet but instead I was limited with selection and quantity. The room was not very clean, and some things were damaged. Customer service was far from great, some people at the breakfast were rude.",3
406, February 2020,Average,"Stayed in the Row in Feb, public spaces very nice, food area great selection of food. Paid for a city view superior room, turns out to be a corner room looking down onto roof / water tanks, looking up onto time square. Room was dated and worn out furniture. Struggled to sleep due to a humming noise from either air vents, extractor fan or lifts... This was 24/7, could cope with the street noise but this awful. Hotel was in a great location , handy to subway, walking about the city. I would return, but not to same room/block!",3
407, February 2020,Customer service - perfect as can be 😍,"I'm originally from NYC so I'm not a fan of times square unless I'm in and out of it as quickly as possible. C'mon you all know what I mean....the foot traffic is as bad as the car traffic, the food is subpar but expensive af, and the hotels are hit or miss. But I had to book a room for the weekend for a conference and to watch Hamilton. I decided to go with Row because it seemed modern and modest without the bells and whistles so it wouldn't be too crowded. When I got there, I was wrong because I forgot it was a Friday, of course! I stood on line after a 6 hr conference for about 20 minutes, when all I wanted to do was shower and grab some dinner asap. Everything changed when it was my turn at the front desk! Gezennia was so welcoming and pleasant to talk to that I",5
408, February 2020,Great location and calm hotel,"For me, my bedroom was so quiet and I had a very good sleep, I was level 28. Bedroom not so new but clean and big enough for 1 person. Breakfast is okay but you have to pay extra if you want a granola yahourt and I don't understand that. Staff came to tell me that on the day 2 and no price was on this item !!!? Staff always very friendly and available. Hotel is 2 minutes away to Times Squares and same for the first train station. Very nice location for Broadway too. Nice restaurants around the corner. I'll recommande if you are in NYC for business and want to be close to everything in Manhattan.",4
409, March 2020,Love it,"Great location. modern hotel. Lovley staff , we wore received by Shantelle at the front desk- the welcome was more then expected . Very very nice , helpful, friendly. We really loved here. Made as feel like home. We would definitely recommend to our friends and family.",5
410, February 2020,Centrally located efficient and well run hotel,I think the Row NYC is a good value in the Times Square area. Good access to a lot of businesses within short walking distance -- completely surrounded by great restaurants. Check in and check out very efficient -- booked my room online.,5
411, February 2020,Still the lullaby of Broadway,"The Row is the old Milford plaza, located in the heart of time square, not with much view from our room LOL The combination of convenience, distance to theaters and parking made this worth it for me. There was an extra NYC fee that I didn’t appreciate, but being a New Yorker I wasn’t too surprised.",4
412, January 2020,Very well located,"We stayed at Row Hotel for twelve days and had a great time. Our room had a view to the 8th avenue and 44th. It was nice and comfortable. Always clean. The staff was very kind and helpful. While getting to our room, in the corridor we could see some original images, I attach to my review. I liked the idea very much. The hotel is very well located, just one block from Broadway, in the heart of New York City. To move around, the 42nd subway station would take you everywhere. Highly recommendable! Hope to be there soon!",5
413, February 2020,Great location. But noisy dirty room,"Perfect location close to Times Sq. very noisy and rooms were not cleaned well. The reception queue always took a long time to get to the front, it seemed staff behind reception could be quite slow. Breakfast as part of B&B was simple, two boiled eggs, coffee, juice, fruit and a pastry.",3
414, February 2020,Good choice,"Excellent location, they must have improved the speed of the lifts as we had no waiting time, friendly staff good bar and the possibility for left luggage, rooms were well cleaned but are in need of a paintjob",4
415, February 2020,Excellent hotel,"They were so nice, when we arrived we had to wait for our room and they gave us free breakfast for one day for the inconvenience of waiting. Best hotel room with beautiful views to the 8th Av. & Hudson River. Everything was so clean, and the hotel services were amazing. Excellent location close to everything you need to see in Manhattan. I can definitely recommend it and wouldn’t mind to repeat.",5
416, February 2020,Very Dissapointing hotel,"When checking in at this hotel, my friend I and found that the room booked was not as requested and had to share a double bed rather than having 2 beds in the room. Of course the hotel blamed the travel company and they blamed the hotel. There was no tea and coffee facilities in the room and breakfast was an extra (rather extortionate) charge, even for a cup of coffee. The room was filthy, we took photo's. The reusable water bottle was meerly a plastic cup with a lid, the water at the water stations was cloudy. The iphone docking station was about as much good as a chocolate fire-guard with it's very old connection. Iphone 4 and below I beleive. The bathroom door didn't close properly as it is a sliding door so no privacy to use the bathroom and the lift broke down and we had",1
417, February 2020,Great stay,"After reading the reviews we had some concerns about staying here, but it was amazing. The check in went smoothly and the room was great. New towels every day and enough space to open your suitcase. Overall the room was clean. The location is fantastic, only a 2 min walk to times square. The aircon was loud, even though we turned it of so bring earplugs. We would stay again.",4
418, April 2019,staffs had no idea what voucher they offered.,"the lobby was okay but the staffs were mean. they did not know about the services they provided and did not even try hard to figure out. I was disappointed by the service and the size of room. the location was in the center of NY so that we chose this place but it does not have anything more to offer customers. the corridor and elevator had its own stench and the room was tiny. I could not even fully open my luggage. I recommend some other hotel if you have some options. the lobby was decorated properly in order to lure people in their hotel but that is all they have. 위치와 로비는 좋지만, 그 외에 다른 부분은 엉망이었습니다. 복도와 엘레베이터에서는 불쾌한 냄새가 나고, 방은 짐도 펼치지 못할정도로 좁아요. 그리고 예약시에 받은 픽업쿠폰은 어느 누구도 그 정체에 대해서 모르고 알려고도 하지 않았습니다. 직원들 백인 손님에게는 엄청 친절하게 굴지만, 인종 차별하는거 같았어요. 태도 돌변",2
419, February 2020,Not what it says,"We have a saying in the UK fur coat no knickers and this hotel fits the bill ... stayed here for 5 nights and although hotel was very central thats all it has going for it . On check in we were told that our room was not available but he would give us an upgrade but had two beds and not the double as requested. Rooms are ok but very basic and also dirty , take your own anti bacterial wipes . No tea or coffee making facilities either hello this is 2020 !!!! . Bar district M very expensive , staff very rude and bar not stocked very good . On leaving the hotel we asked if there was somewhere to leave our cases , yes there is but they expect a tip for this service . In our opinion this hotel needs a complete revamp to bring it up to 4star standard and some staff need a lesson in",2
420, February 2020,Lack of organization,"Travelled to NY last for business and stayed at Row for 3 nights. At our arrival with 3 people in front of us, the delay to check-in was almost 45 minutes. After an 11 hour travel this is quite unbearable. My colleague's room was not cleaned (at all) with napkins on the floor, dirty toilet and used towels on the floor and a bed with no sheets... In my room I found a sock (!) right above the safe (!!). In the mornign and while we had breakfast on our reservation our names where not given to the kitchen... and had to visit again the dinning room with consierge's escort to eat breakfast which was VERY poor (1 coffee, 1 croissant and 2 boiled eggs) , The consierge was not helpful at all regardign information while the lady in the checkin (don't recall her name) was quite rude. I",2
421, February 2020,Homeless shelter inside hotel????,I booked this hotel under the presumption it was a High class hotel. The room we received has no amenities at all! And the most shocking is the shelter on level 4. There is no attempt to seperate hotel guests and patrons of the shelter with all using the same lobby. I was shocked to experience commotions in the lobby from a hotel of caliber. And many encounters with people under the influence. My experience felt like a upscale hostel. Don’t recommend,1
422, February 2020,A hidden gem and a hidden housekeeping,I requested a crib with a month in advance and when I arrived the crib was not there and the housekeeping employee didn't want to set it up. Then a miscommunication among the front desk manager and the housekeeping manager took 16 hours to get a new pillow.,2
423, February 2020,very rude bar staff,"Checking in was good but bit of a miserable man with a beard checking us in. BEWARE they’re are fee’s that you have to pay when you get here. The man didn’t bother to explain what these fees were for; luckily we had researched so we were already aware. We wanted a cup of English tea from the bar,after a long flight and delays. We ordered 2 teas and a coffee, which they charged wrong on the bill. The tea was not served with any milk (granted in the US the tea may be different to the UK) we then had to wait over 12 minutes for them to change the bill..even though there was over 6 members of staff behind the bar doing nothing. I made eye contact with the girl to ask what was going on. Then a very sarcastic man approached us with a very rude tone, making a sarcastic comments about",2
424, February 2020,We will never be back.,"This hotel needs serious work. Dirty rooms, overcrowded elevator space, over priced drinks and rude staff upon check in. 1) The staff member who checked us in was blunt and very unenthusiastic. 2) The first room we were given was horrendous, there was nails on the bathroom floor, dirty and dusty floors and surfaces. The bathroom had hair, toothpaste etc on all surfaces and there was also hairs on and in the bed. Overall a complete disappointment upon first sight. I refused to stay in this room so we called and asked to change rooms. 3) The second room was no different, still very very dirty. Our room was not dusted/hoovered more than once our entire stay, only the bed was turned up and two days the room wasn't touched at all. Both plugs in the bathroom did not work and we",1
425, February 2020,President,The hotel was OK but the customer service from Shantelle was 5 stars!!! Made my trip! Waited in line for a good amount of time due to under staffing but when I reached Shantelle she took care of me in a special way.,4
426, February 2020,Get Another Hotel - You Deserve Better,"1) Staff need serious retraining on service quality - every staff I've experienced at this hotel was rude and unwilling to explain things clearly when I was checking in . I had previously applied for a queen upgrade but when asked if it had been confirmed, i got no reply just a stern reply to leave my luggage at the room and come back for check in at 4.00pm. When i came back at 4pm, same question was posed to a different staff, again, no reply on it, they just handed me the key card with no instructions on wifi, breakfast etc. I only found out when I arrived at the room and realised it's a queen's room. All your staff seemed unwilling to help, or give me a satisfactory answer to ensure a smooth arrival, check in, or room experience. 2) Despite being a premium room, i had",1
427, February 2020,Mediocre,The value for cost is trash. Very small and cramped spaces. Slow often crowded elevator system. Over priced drinks at the bar. Has a phenomenal location though. If location is your primary concern this will be fine.,3
428, February 2020,Valentine weekend,The rooms were extremely small. even though I just use it for sleeping. My Next door neighbor was smoking heavy weed and had the music too loud. The breakfast was too expensive and the staff were not to friendly.,3
429, February 2020,Excellent Stay! Great Location!!,Front desk was super helpful and welcoming! Great Location! We walked almost everywhere! Very reasonable rates compared to other hotels in the same area! I will definitely be back again! Clean rooms! Amazing staff!,5
430, February 2020,A DISAPPOINTMENT,At first the price offered looked too good to be true...Times Sq NYC... but the initial offer soon turned out to be trippled by the end of my booking...not to mention an additional 'access'fee of $40 plus a $200 hold on my credit card...even though I have pre-paid for the room. I was stuck in the rear of the hotel overlooking tarp covering something below...it was dim and dismal. I would never stay here again..☹,2
431, December 2019,"Great location, but disappointing","Although this location is ideal, I will never stay here again! Rooms very basic, and over priced, can hear every word your neighbours utter. Approx 9 elevators and only 3 running with masses of people using them. Unhelpful concierge. Hotel Charged my credit card after stay and used an unacceptable excuse of included non negotiable extras which I was never notified of, when I submitted a complaint by email I was ignored several times. Would not recommend this hotel to anybody.",1
432, February 2020,Loved it! =),"Great price, especially for the location. It was clean and tidy, plus we had a beautiful a city view! They also had excellent service from once we arrived until we checked out. I would recommend this hotel if you’re planning on visiting NYC.",5
433, February 2020,Tourism,The location is perfect.But the rooms are dirty and the noise from the doors was very loud at night. The weed smell was very strong all over the hallway what about no smoking rules your talking about!!,3
434, February 2020,"great location,but hotel could be better","we stayed at the hotel during the feb half term for 3 nights,the location of the hotel is great just a two minute walk to times square and local subway station,the check in was ok no problems we arrived slightly earlier than the official check in time but our room was ready it was on the 9th floor and overlooked 8th avenue,the room was an ok size for a family of 3 but the beds were not a full double size,no drink making facilities which was a shame which meant a trip to the bar to get a coffee in the morning,the room wasnt totally clen on arrival there was a used foam ear bud in the corner by the bed and the ventilation grill in the bathroom had really thick dust all over it but as a base to rest our head it was ok.but we did stumble upon a floor where i think they rent out to",3
435, February 2020,Fantastic Hotel!🗽,"We stayed at the Row NYC last week and couldn’t have wished for a better place or location. The room was clean, spacious and had a great city view! The location was perfect, in easy walking district to many attractions, sights and transport links. Would definitely stay here again.",5
436, February 2020,LOCATION!!,"Fabulous location. Walk to Times Square, restaurants, plenty of parking. Rooms were fine. Great price. Would LOVE a coffee pot and a little more attention to cleaning lamps, switches..... Will stay here again. Goof for family, business, etc... Definitely go to the KITCHEN to eat-wow!!",5
437, February 2020,Good location,Nice location. Only 2mins to times square just amazing. The rooms were nice and bigger than i thought but it wasnt that clean. The airconditioner was really loud so i turned it off. But it reactivated by themselve so that was a bit annoying. Bathroom really clean and service every day. Breakfast a bit expensive. I would book it again.,3
438, February 2020,Quick stop over with a party of over 100,"Took ages for us to get to our rooms as there were about 200 people checking in at the same time. We didn't know how to operate the lifts as you have to select your floor before getting in. The lift then only goes to that floor. As you can imagine 100 English school children messed this system up, expecting to share a lift to different floors. Once we had sussed the system it worked much better but it meant we were late for our dinner booking. Anyway the hotel was ideally placed for our visit and the rooms were basic but that's all we needed for one night. Not sure I'd want to stay for a long visit but great for a quick stop in New York.",3
439, February 2020,Great !!!,"This hotel is great! Fantastic location food places, hop on off bus stops, Times Square &Broadway all within walking 2 -10mims!hotel great clean rooms done every day, staff so helpful we needed a fridge for medical supplies and was not a problem to get that sorted for us ! Yes can you hear the noise outside on the street YES but this is New York it didn’t bother us it added to the New York we were on the 11th floor, most nights we were so tired we fell straight to sleep so didn’t hear it ! Rooms are great size wise it’s New York you don’t need loads of room we are family of 3! Hotel food the burger place and dough were delicious&again great service.The door men always polite,sometimes the lift took few minutes to come but they always did was not a problem. We took Top View bus",5
440, February 2020,Row NYC,"What a lovely man Junior was as we checked in. Initially we had booked a standard room and had text hotel to ask if we could have an accessible room but there were none available. Junior had worked so hard for us and we were so overjoyed to be given a suite and a complimentary drink. We also had free grab and go breakfast where staff were incredible also namely Peto and the bar staff. Hotel is so convenient from everything Times Square. Local bus stop. Hop on hop off only 1 block away. Carlos bakery. Bars, shops, restaurants, everything you want. We would also like to thank housekeeping and the general manager for their kindness and for making us fall in love with New York. Will definitely visit here again. Thank you all xxx",5
441, February 2020,Mariel at Front Desk - Amazing!!,"ok - so ill put this into a small review, and bullet points because I could go on forever on so many negatives but it was Mariela on our last day who literally made me feel looked after - heres why: * Upon check in - location 1st class - first impression of hotel - AMAZING - but it stops there. * Check in staff - the girl was ok, the night manager , so rude, couldn't care less, said he had given me an upgrade but the hotel was fully booked - but an upgrade I cant see how, only the size of beds - room was tiny and not clean * Safe didn't work for whole time I was there, dirty makeup wipes down the side of the dressing table from the minute I got there -and old razors from past guest left on the shelf - I asked for a manager numerous times - always told they were in meetings or",3
442, January 2020,Not as advertised,"The check in staff were helpful and polite, however the hotel itself was not good. The rooms are tiny and outdated which would be fine if they were advertised this way. The photos are not an accurate representation of the room quality and appear as if the room is newly renovated/modern... it is not! Heater smells and is loud, no fan in bathroom so everywhere steams up, bed super uncomfortable, constant musty smell and overall cleanliness is not up to par. We stayed one night of our stay and moved somewhere nicer. The staff who helped us check out were nice. Would not recommend unless you are looking for a completely basic room with a hostel feel.",2
443, February 2020,"Small, dirty, resort fees too high!","Looks amazing on the surface, nice lobby etc.. prices are decent when booked but beware... Rooms are VERY small and dirty and rough round the edges. Attention to detail has been lost completely. The towels have stains on them and we even found dried blood on one of our pillows. We immediately called reception and the concierge to complain about this but neither answered. They just don’t care once they’ve got your money! On the last afternoon, we sat in the bar to relax whilst we waited for our transfer, we got told to leave the bar as we hadn’t bought anything. They really do NOT care once you’ve checked in and have gobbled up their extortionate “resort fees”. Don’t bother ripping the housekeeping as they don’t seem to do their job properly. Won’t be back.",1
444, February 2020,What a find!!!,"We could not have been more pleased with our stay. The location is perfect if you're headed to the theater or Times Square and we felt completely safe the entire time. I have never slept on a hotel mattress and pillows and felt so good the next morning, and the view out our window was fantastic! Junior at the front desk is absolutely fabulous...somebody give that man a raise!!",5
445, February 2020,Excellent location,"Just returned from a 5 night stay in the row, we were in room 932,room was small, but cleaned daily, with clean towels, room bit noisy due to lifts during the night, but after walking 547654 million miles during day, and having a few drinks in smiths bar across road, we slept fine. Would definately stay here again, staff were great!! 😉😉👍",4
446, February 2020,"Clean rooms, but small, and long check in time","All booked through British Airways, and to be honest we booked on price and location, but by chance it was advertised as a 4 star. Good points. 1. Location- central, minute walk from Time Sq, Port Authority subway is one street away, and is literally around the corner from some Broadway shows. 2. Cleanliness- the rooms were cleaned daily, and fresh towels given. The room was clean and fresh on arrival. 3. Free WiFi and international calls from the room- all included in the price, WiFi was great and strong, and didn’t drop out at all. 4. Staff- Douglas, a chap who works on reception is incredibly nice and helpful. He works most afternoons and evenings, a credit to the hotel. 5. Food- great selection of food in the dining area attached to the hotel. Bad points. 1. Check in-",3
447, February 2020,Brilliant hotel!!,We stayed in this hotel at the beginning of February and can not fault it! My room was great perfect for a 5 day stay and nice and clean. We noticed a loud noise but realised if you put a towel down under the main door it stops it. The lifts are a great idea as there is a lot of people in the hotel so saves stopping on every floor. The bar staff was so Nice and friendly was there for super bowl Sunday and the hotel bar made a great effort. Check in was quick and smooth and again very friendly people. The location was amazing! I would 100% recommend the cafe across the road so tasty! All in all great hotel great service clean and friends would definitely stay again!,5
448, January 2020,Great experiences,"I chose this hotel for my business trip to New York. Really impressed with the hotel. Unified and unique decoration. Besides, hotel staff are always considerate and professional. I am impressed with their attitude and smile.",4
449, February 2020,Excellent location,"Round the corner from Times Square, in great walking distance of a lot of attractions. A nice basic breakfast to start the day. Very clean rooms. Located on a busy street but noise didn’t bother us. Would stay here again.",4
450, February 2020,RowNYC,So recently returned from this hotel. After checking in within 5 mins of arriving we were in the lift to Rm 933. The room was clean but small. The bathroom was not very big quite small in fact were only one person at a time could stand in it. The good point about this hotel is that it is bang in the center of everything. It’s ideal position makes up for its faults. The room was cleaned every day & we had fresh towels every day too. The staff were helpful & approachable. The major fault we found was the lifts in the hotel a strand set up that you hit your floor & had to wait for a certain assigned lift. Also the noise throughout the night of the lifts being used was quite loud (maybe only in Rm 933 as it was in between the lifts). But overall I would recommend this hotel for,4
451, February 2020,Resort Fees and no customer service,"Stayed for 4 nights when we arrived our room had room had been double booked so for the inconvenience we were told we would not pay any resort fees for our stay. On check out we double checked no resort fees had been added and were told no. On return to the uk the fees had been added, after 2 days of trying to get through and then eventually getting through and been told ring tomorrow we were told nobody is here until next week to sort it. A big hotel like the row and nobody can help. Our first room was a disabled room and looked to be newly decorated and very very spacious. Our second room was small but this was not a problem as it was only to sleep in but it was a room that could have done with a good lick of paint and new furniture, but the location was great. I will not",1
452, February 2020,NYC Row Hotel,Pretty good stay minus waiting over 40 minutes to check in with hardly any staff to answer questions or speed up the process. Great location though. I would stay again if the check in process was faster.,3
453, February 2020,LOVED IT,I travel to NYC a lot and I would definitely book with Row NYC every time. I loved how the Subway line was right outside my door and I was in the middle of Times Square. You also can't beat the view from your room. I loved my stay here so much I don't think I'd want to book anywhere else when I come to New York.,5
454, February 2020,Spot on !,"Booked this hotel via my local independent travel agency. My expectations were pleasantly exceeded. At first glance the hotel was modern, urban and bustling, perfect for a city break. Location was fantastic situated just around the corner from Times Square and on the outskirts of Hell's Kitchen. We were warmly welcomed by Junior at the reception desk and offered the choice of room with view or space being the preference. We chose space but were also very pleasantly surprised with a limited view of the city also. The room was a little jaded which you would expect from a hotel with a high turnover of guests but was spotlessly clean, all conveniences provided, hairdryer, iron and board, safe and air conditioning all with no additional charges. No tea and coffee making facilities",4
455, February 2020,Very good,"very good location , near time square and theaters.. Near subway station , restaurants . walking distance to central park , 5 th avenue, Rockefeller center, american museum of natural history friendly staff",4
456, February 2020,Best choice for location and value,"I have stayed here for three decades. It is not only the most economical and convenient hotel to the theater district, the staff continually strives to give great service. I was on the 28th floor with great views day and night",5
457, February 2020,Good location but that's about it!,"We visited The Row Hotel for our first trip to New York and we paid a very good price for 5 nights. The location was perfect, right in the centre and it was a great price. However, there are many complaints I have. Firstly, we had a ""family room"" and we could barely fit ourselves and our suitcases in there! 2 double beds for 4 adults. I had asked for one double and 2 single but this is what we had. Luckily for us, this was just a base and we weren't there much but still a little more room would have been nice. Secondly, the service of the staff is shocking. There is never anyone around and the people that are around are completely unhelpful. Thirdly, the rooms are NOT clean, the carpets were vile and had clearly never been hovered. Next, you are unable to use stairs so when",2
458, January 2020,Beware of facilities fee,"I visited the hotel with a friend In January 2020. The rooms are small but have everything you need. We were barely in our room and didn’t use house keeping services every day because it was not necessary. We had booked our hotel through a third party and were charged before coming. I then gave my credit card when we arrived for a “deposit” which I was not told ANYTHING by front desk staff about being charged. When I returned home to Canada I noticed I had an extra $300.00 charged to my card from the hotel. I then phoned the hotel and the woman on the phone assured me it would be refunded onto my card as it was just a deposit. After 1 month of not seeing the money returned back to me, I emailed the hotel. I then received an email back with an invoice that showed $35.00 (US) per",2
459, February 2020,A Superb Stay at the ROW Hotel!,"The best hotel in NYC centrally located to everything! Been staying there for years and keep coming back! Highly recommend staying her and planning to enjoy your stay in NYC! The management and team are the most hospitable of all! Many Blessings to Everyone! Hugs, Prof. Higgins",5
460, February 2020,Avoid this hotel!,"We picked this hotel due to the proximity to the theater, that was the only thing it had going for it. I realize in NYC that you likely will have a small room and I am okay with that. What I am not okay with is a dirty room and poor customer service. It took over an hour to get into our room, apparently it is very complicated when someone is has 2 rooms to be able to make keys that open both the rooms. All 4 keys we were given opened one room, zero keys opened the other. Four trips to front desk, yes four, and two visits from security ( to verify that nothing was wrong with the lock) to finally get someone to program the keys properly! Might could have overlooked the utter incompetence until I saw the hairs on the wall of the shower. So incompetent and dirty! Avoid this hotel,",1
461, February 2020,Five Star (Amazing) Customer Service,"What can I say about your customer service,it was impeccable, especially working with Junior!! Junior was working at the check in desk the night we arrived and I can not say enough about him. Junior's customer service is off the charts! I felt like he was a part of my family before I left to go up to my room after I checked in. Junior went ABOVE and BEYOND and was hands down the nicest hotel desk clerk I have ever dealt with (I travel a lot too). I have already gave raving reviews to family and friends about you hotel. I will FOR SURE stay at the ROW again. Thank you all for your kindness and making us feel like we were at HOME!! XOXO",5
462, February 2020,WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!,"To keep it brief this hotel is absolutely filthy, the staff don't give a damn about customer satisfaction and the rooms are far too small for four adults to share (which was actually recommended to us)!",1
463, February 2020,Excellent Location,"Hotel is one block away from Times Square, busy location with lots to offer. Rooms are very clean and staff are great. Security 24 hours and excellent. Food Court is great, good prices and relaxed, varied food options, donuts to die for! Very much a travelers hotels and busy, but ideal. Lots of food otions 24 hour oppostie the hotel and on same road. Visited the Row four times and never been disappointed..",4
464, February 2020,About the hotel,"So far very comfortable to stay over a week I stay there with my boyfriend, he is satisfied with the room and location. Very convenient to go everywhere and buy everything. The perfect night view made us unforgettable!",4
465, February 2020,Friends weekend,"Excellent location, which was our main objective. However, a fair amount of noise late for the light sleeper. An included breakfast would’ve been wonderful. Not generous on free drink, only one each per weekend. The food court looked nice and people watching from windows nearby was nice.",5
466, February 2020,Wish I had more time there.,The hotels in a convenient location. Clean full of good energy. I was out and about visiting sites for my short stay. Would like to have more time to experience some of the accommodations of the hotel.,5
467, February 2020,Staying at ROW NYC Hotel,"Nice and comfortable rooms, beds were tidy, clean as well as bathroom. Shower was very well. Towels, soap, shampoo, everything was really well. There was fast wifi, a small desk and TV set. Just perfect for a week at NY!",4
468, February 2020,Short break,"Excellent location, next to Time Square and Broadway, great for any theatre shows, lots of 24/7 restaurants around, but, Virgin holiday over rates this hotel, building really old, first room when I checked in, toilet not working than it flood after the flush, I have to repack and rush to reception to change another room, bedroom/bathroom were so small, everything were so old, really basic, no fridge or kettle, plus I have to pay facility fee? What facility they have? Lifts need to wait long time because it's always busy and full of people. 4 nights in this hotel, I was hardly to sleep because every night, other people slam the door when get in or out in the middle of the night! Reception and house keeping services were average, only the best service was from the concierge -",3
469, February 2020,Amazing holidays,We have a really great time in this hotel during our holidays in NYC! View from the windows was really excellent ! Room was comfortable and cleaned. Service was great and any questions we decided very quickly. We were staying in this hotel for 4 times and will come back surely!,5
470, January 2020,Stolen Property,The worst communication I have experience form any organisation. They fail on every aspect apart from taking your money. America...not so great. The staff at breakfast are the only great thing about this place.,3
471, December 2019,Noisy and stank of weed,"We were booked in to stay at the Paramount Hotel but due to a problem with there not being a room available they put us up here at their sister hotel. Initial thoughts, what a dump. There’s a bar opposite the check in area which made it difficult to communicate with the check in staff. We were directed to the lifts. Once on our floor there was a strong smell of weed. Our room was adequate. After a long day of travelling we just needed somewhere to put our head down. The view was great. Room was clean but we were so glad we were only staying the 1 night!",2
472, February 2020,Don’t waste your money on this place,Rooms are small dirty and noisy. Staff are rude and was told I had to pay an extra $290 hotel fees as well as $50 deposit told them I only have to pay city tax by law as stated on google by nyc. Would let me stay if I didn’t pay it. Lots of kids stay here running screaming all hours of night,1
473, February 2020,Okay but some problems,We stayed at Row for 4 nights. The room is very basic and there is little space to put anything. The room was like a sauna when we first got there and the heating system was not turning off. We rung reception about this and they said somebody would come up... nobody ever did and when we rung reception to see what was happening there was no answer. One day after we had been out from 7 am to 5 pm we came back and the room had not been cleaned and the bed was not made up. We complained about this when we went out for dinner and the hotel sent someone to clean the room straight away. Another big issue we found was the corridors constantly smelt of cannabis - which was not pleasant. With this being said the hotel is in an excellent location and for a few nights you can put up with,3
474, February 2020,"great location, nice staff but dirty rooms","Great location, super nice staff but dirty rooms. The carpet of our room is dirty and the bathroom floor was dirty as well. (at least housekeeping came and cleaned it)Also, the bathtub walls are dirty. It looks like no one has ever clean them and they have makeup stains and other type of stains as well. The rest of the hotel is nice but I wouldn’t stay here again.",3
475, February 2020,Cool Midtown vibe,"The hotel has all the grungy vibes of NYC with chain mail for curtains in the lobby. The halls of the hotel had these cool painted murals of street/sidewalk scenes. See the picture with the lady sitting next to her books. The elevator setup is really neat, but it would have been nice to have it explained instead of having to fugure it out. It's not that hard to figure out though: enter you floor on the keypad and wait for the screen to tell you what elevator to take. The room was clean except for what appeared to be soda on the bathroom door. Check in was easy. We arrived early and was offered a room with double beds instead of the King bed, which was great. Our room 2619 was just off the elevator, but we heard very little noise from the hall, elevator, or outside traffic. The",4
476, February 2020,Fantastic front desk guy,Arrived very late and had booked the least expensive room. The terrific guy at the desk bumped me up to a double queen with a view. Such a lovely gesture for a weary woman traveling alone. I have stayed there before and will continue to do so. Great guest care!,5
477, February 2020,Terrible.,Sitting in a restaurant down the street after not been able to get a key due to system issues. Have tried to call for the third time. Currently on hold for 25 minutes. Last two times I got hung up on after sitting on hold. No response from management as to when things will be back up or if they can make other arrangements. Just terrible customer service.,1
478, February 2020,Very central hotel The Row NYC,"Stayed in The Row centrally located between 44 and 45th street, Times Square was literally around the corner. It was amazing to be so close to everything. The only thing was that the lifts were a bit slow and also the bath/shower was a bit slippy, please put down mats on surfaces! My boyfriend and I stayed on the 10th floor while his family stayed on the 11th, we all had a lovely view from our windows, rooms had everything we needed. Cleanliness was very good. Ice and water available from a machine on every floor for free. Staff were very friendly, would recommend for a first time stay in New York City, the broadway shows were also very very close. Thanks for the experience!",4
479, February 2020,Would recommend,"Myself and my partner (both 26) stayed here for 4 nights during our first ever visit to New York. Great location within Times Square and close to shops, restaurants, subway and port authority. Rooms cleaned everyday with fresh towels and cups given every day to free water from the ice/water machine on our floor. For 4 nights our room tax was $160. Didn’t use any eating facilities here so can’t comment on them. Easy check in and check out. Would stay here again.",5
480, February 2020,Hotel Stay,The Row is super convenient to the theatre district. Staff is friendly and rooms are great! Close to Times Square. Hotel was across the street from the theatre. City Kitchen is a food hall connected to the hotel. Got donuts for breakfast the night before as I’ll be checked out before they open,5
481, March 2019,Awesome hotel,Such a nice hotel and just few steps away from Times Square which was a big advantage. Rooms and the whole hotel were very modern and clean. I have to mention the water machine in the corridors as it was probably the best water we’ve ever drank:D,5
482, February 2020,Love love love Row,We always choose to stay at the Row everytime we are in New York. The location is right at the heart of Times Square. The staff were hospitable and the housekeeper always made sure our room was clean.,5
483, February 2020,Not good,Great location but very small rooms and rude staff. Poor breakfast. Elevators terrible. Very pricey compared to services offered. Tiny bathrooms. Overall would not go there again. Had to switch hotels inmediately,2
484, March 2019,Great location,"The best thing of this hotels was where is located. Is in walking distance of time square, restaurants and great night life. The accommodations are the best that’s why I gave it a three star. In the outside the lobby the hotel looks nice but the rooms are outdated, everything looks old. I order something From room service and it never arrived, I had to go down and pick it up..",3
485, February 2020,"Excellent location and service, dingy & tiny room","This was a birthday theatre friends wknd so The Row was exactly where we needed it to be. Great winter rates made it a deal, despite the ludicrous resort fee. No one requires comp phone calls or newspapers anymore, keep all your cool features and just comp the WiFi, as it should be. Check in at 4p on a Fri afternoon was surprisingly swift, nice lobby facilities, no elevator problems, comfortable beds, surprisingly nice free breakfast. Room was tiny and dingy though, and this was the “deluxe” version. Real tiny bathroom with a weird sliding door which didn’t provide the privacy you expect. As someone else mentioned, hallways are rather dark and ominous, a lot like what I imagine prison hallways look like. But overall, if you can get a good rate then you cannot beat the Times Sq",3
486, January 2020,NYC trip,"The positive sides of ROW NYC are: affordable prices (at least in January and February), a stylish interior, a good district with theatres around, nice and helpful personnel. But I think, that this year the cleaning of the rooms could be better.",4
487, January 2020,Dark hallways,"The room was smaller than it appeared in the photographs and could do with refreshing, staff were excellent and well placed for sight seeing. the food the food court was very good and it was a nice place to sit watching the hustle and bustle in the street outside.",4
488, February 2020,Good value for money,"It’s a very good hotel for the price. But the photos make it look a little better than the rooms are. Only the rooms though. The rest of the hotel is very good. Also, the breakfast isn’t worth it, very basic and limited. You’re better off going to one of the many near by cafes or restaurants.",4
489, January 2020,“Facilities fee” and disappointing rooms,"The mandatory facilities fee you are only informed of at the check in desk is not a good start to your stay it was around $120 I think. Done deliberately to make your room rate look better value, what happens if you refuse to pay? You lose the room. Probably. Going by the lobby alone this hotel would be high end but once you arrive on your floor it feels decidedly cheaper. Our room needed a fresh paint, the walls were damaged slightly and the paint chipping. Also the heater in the room was on full blast when we arrived. We called immediately to get it fixed before going for dinner, it wasn’t fixed when we got back so rang again and somebody would be “right up” they didn’t show up at all. Went to the desk the next morning to ask them again to fix it which they did by simply",2
490, February 2020,Great location terrible nights sleep,"Great location but terrible experience. Front desk staff was so rude did not fee like I was checking into my vacation hotel more like my prison stay. Terribly thin walls, we could hear everything! Neighbors entire conversation and disturbing moaning and taking during their intercours! Heard the housekeeping staff conversation while they were screaming to each other the entire morning while cleaning the rooms in our hall and the entire 4 nights we were there, housekeeping cleaned our room once!! The water in the shower did not get hot at all so it was so dreadful coming in from the the low 30s temperature outside to having to take a cold shower! Next time we stop in nyc we will not be staying at this hotel",1
491, February 2020,WARNING: DON’T STAY HERE,"The modern sheek appearance online of the hotel is very misleading. Rooms are dingy, several major appliances did not work in my room, including shower, clock, and defected key fab(Built in door). I wouldn’t recommend this to anyone.",2
492, January 2020,"Average hotel, good location","This hotel was average at best. The lobby and entrance halls make it appear a much nicer hotel than the rooms it has inside it. The best thing about this hotel is the location, short walk to Times Square in one direction, and the other direction towards Hells Kitchen and towards better priced food. The room was small but fine for a place to stay. It was basic but had everything you'd need. Unfortunately it was cold and damp, the windows were old and let in so much noise from the street, our windowsill was constantly wet from the damp and all the paint was peeling off the walls. The room the damp and fusty which clung to nice clean clothing making you smell like a wet dog. The heating could not be controlled and was set to automatically come on in the night at random times.",3
493, January 2020,Great location,"I love the location, it was convenient to go anywhere when the train station is so near and the shopping area is right beside the hotel. The lobby was nicely designed. Just that room toilet is too small. The rest with such price, I have no complaints.",4
494, February 2020,3 night stay in a Great Location,"Firstly I agree with a lot of the reviews about the rooms being basic and small and the service charge is high for the in-room facilities you had ie. no fridge, no coffee/tea facility. However the room itself was clean, the linen fresh and white and the bed very comfy. The Bathroom was tiny but we had all we needed and the room was cleaned and towels changed daily. We were there for 3 nights and had no trouble checking in. We arrived at 1.45pm and our room was ready and we could go straight to it - which was a massive bonus as check-in wasn’t till 4pm. We had no trouble with the lifts even though we were on the 23rd floor. In fact we commented how good they were as you had to key in your floor number and the sign directed you to which lift to get in - so all really",4
495, February 2020,How can they fit so much dirt in such tiny rooms...,"This hotel is FILTHY. Stains on the bedsheets, with ingrained dirt on the surfaces and carpet, and body hair and mould in the showers. After a sleepless night (which was blamed on a compressor powering the hotel) we moved rooms - the standard was no better. One of our party ended up trying to sleep on top of the bedding to avoid contact with the sheets/mattress, as everything was so unclean. Perhaps this is why New York is known as 'the city that never sleeps'? The hotel advertises itself as 'innovative' - I guess not cleaning rooms and making it impossible for guests to sleep is 'innovative' in a way. Don't expect any help from staff - we tried to call reception three times the first night and calls went unanswered. On going to reception the next morning we were told that",1
496, January 2020,vacation in New York,"I have already answered before but improve the heating and cooling system, when it comes on and really noise I would also propose the breakfast buffet as proposed by all international hotels of a certain level",4
497, February 2020,Unfortunate but you get what you pay for!,"When we arrived we were asked if we'd like to upgrade for $10 a night which we agreed to. When we entered the 'upgraded' room, it was very small and I thought to myself 'I wonder what the original room must of been like!'. The first night was awful, the jet leg kicked in and I couldn't sleep due to the noise of NYC - beeping, sirens ALL NIGHT LONG. I thought to myself, 'well I knew the hotel was pretty central so what did I expect. I'm sure it won't last all night..' it did and I ended up going down to reception to ask if we could change rooms to one higher up (we were on the 17th floor). The receptionist was lovely and spoke to the manager who said for that night the best I could get was earplugs (which I never got) but to come down in the morning and ask for a room change.",2
498, February 2020,"Great location, average hotel","Just returned from a four night stay at The Row with my two teenage sons. The doormen on entrance are extremely friendly and welcoming but unfortunately that’s where the pleasantries seem to stop. Check in was slow and unwelcoming. Genuinely didn’t get a smile or hello from a single staff member from then onwards. As usual at hotels I was asked to leave credit card details for a $200 dollar security deposit, at which time I wasn’t informed I would not be receiving back. On the day of check out I prior to leaving I queued at reception to query that I’d been charged $160 and was told that the hotel charges over $40 per night extra on top of what I paid via TUI so would not be receiving the all of the security deposit back. Which in my mind need rewording in check in...it’s just",3
499, February 2020,Nightmare,"The room was incredibly dirty! Not vacuumed, soiled sheets, shower curtain, ewwwww. Dirty vanity. No one answers the phone in lobby after 8:00pm. Moved my room to a smaller, if possible, no compensation for any of it. Second room, dirty carpet, shower curtain instead of glass 😡would never stay here again.",1
500, January 2020,Nyc,Great hotel. Was perfect for us as we did not have a budget. Had a great view from our room and the location of the hotel was really good. The staff where helpful and the fees where not too bad. The check in time was a little bit late but was great that we could store our bags till check in time. Would definitely recommend.,5
501, February 2020,DO NOT STAY,"Unless you want to spend your first full day in NYC in a line waiting to check in, do not stay here!!!!! Not only did I wait 30 minutes in line to check, when I got to the desk they did not have a room available. They gave me a little card and told me to come back in an hour and get my keys at their “kiosk”. Came back, no kiosk, told to wait in line for key. I have been in line for 45 minutes now!!!! This is ridiculous!!!! Don’t waste your time!!!!!!",1
502, February 2020,Stay somewhere else,"On checking in, we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to a room with a street view for an extra $20 a night, as the member of staff advised us that our room was really small and was going to be very noisy as it was next to the lifts. I refused as I felt like I was being conned into paying for an upgrade. However, the description was right, small and noisy. Try describing it on the website honestly first, rather than try to make more money out of people when they arrive. You had to wait ages for a lift. We were on the 10th floor which meant that only 2 elevators ever came to that floor. The Row NYC was dark and uninviting, nothing like the video on their website The only staff that were nice were the men looking after the bags in the room in the basement on our last day. But,",1
503, February 2020,A Quick Splendid Trip,The Row NYC is actually my home away from home. This is my sixth visit here and I wouldn’t change to another hotel. My check in is always a breeze. The staff is always on top of the their game. They always greeted me and thanked me. My credit card info was already in. I understand the resort fees may be hefty but it always state before booking what they were so potential guests should read carefully. Elevators may be tricky due to typing the desire floor you want to go to but it’s not hard to comprehend. The Kitchen is connected to the hotel so there’s plenty of food selections before exploring. My room was very clean and spacious for just me. The location is what I enjoy the most also. I’m not far from Times Square or Koreatown. It was a quick trip for two night stay. I was,5
504, January 2020,Great place for the sleepovers,Location made us to forget those little things that old buildings lack referred to the new ones. If you wanted the place in the middle of everything and easy access for the subway lines this is your place.,4
505, February 2020,Great experience! You won’t regret it at all!,This was such a great hotel. Very clean. Very nice view. Was on the 23rd floor. Perfect room. I paid standard price and had a great time. Comfortable hotel. Love the tubs and shower. Love the service and how it felt like home. Not a hotel where you are scared to walk around. Had a great lobby. Best lobby I’ve ever seen hands down !,5
506, January 2020,Worst experience ever!,"We spent 4 nights ay Row NYC. This was the second time we chose this hotel. The hotel does not have a proper accountability of guest expenditures. In our case, another guest send charges to our room number (with no authorization whatsoever) and Row NYC collect that money from us. I feel embarrassed for them. When we tried to solve this while making the check-out, there was nobody with enough senority to give a proper answer. They kept replying ""go back to your home and make the claim"". Well... Here I am. We have tried to reach them but they decided to block us from Facebook. THEY DESTROYED OUR HOLIDAYS! Please dos not answer nonsense, we WANT A PROPER ANSWER AND OUR MONEY BACK!",1
507, January 2020,"Great central location, comfortable bed.","Great for seeing NYC, next to big subway station and around the corner from Times Square. Would stay here again. Room cleaned everyday and clean towels provided, however some had holes in and were fraying at the edges. We were on the 20th floor and it was relatively quiet to say we were in central NYC however the room next door which had an adjoining door work us at midnight one night when on Skype, you could hear every word!",4
508, February 2020,Not Great,"Went in to Hotel to Reception to check in. The mixed race lady was rude and had an attitude. The rooms are very small. Have no fridge, no kettle. Only a iron, no ironing board. Washroom/bathroom is very small/tiny Location is good.",2
509, January 2020,10/10 would stay again,"Overall a nice experience. The only thing I would 'complain' about is that I got a room that was supposed to have a view but when I got there it was facing another, honestly I expected that so it wasn't that big of a deal. I really appreciate that they had printing services because I forgot to print out some important documents for an appointment.",4
510, January 2020,GREAT location,"Being here mostly for theater, this hotel has unbeatable location. I also want to point out how wonderful the housekeeping staff is. Always courteous and do a good job. Very attentive. Besides, trying to make the most of my stay, I had several packages delivered to the hotel. The Package Room staff was also very helpful in delivering my stuff to my room. These details, which are very important to me, are what made my stay at ROW very pleasant. Just one tiny thing that needs improving: it was not a smooth process for me to print something using the computers in the lobby because the printers were either low on ink or weren't connected properly to the computers. Please take a look into it. Thank you.",4
511, January 2020,Love this place!,A++++ Have stayed at this hotel 3 times and it has been a great experience every time! Will stay again my next trip! Highly recommend! Just a short walk away from Times Square and Broadway and SEVERAL places to eat,5
512, January 2020,You get what you pay for!,"Second visit to NYC, however first stay at this hotel. Pros- Location to Times Square Ice Machine Comfy bed Reusable cups Cons- Slowest elevators ever Rip off resort fees (although it seems you have to pay these everywhere) Rooms are small (a lot smaller than they seem to be on the webpage) Reception area is nice but everywhere else Needs modernising especially the Rooms. Noisy air con. Would say you get what you pay for...We are not fussy people and would say the hotel is ok...not the best by far but great location.",3
513, February 2020,Trying to check-in was a nightmare!,"I made reservations for a premier room and check-in was a fiasco on January 31st. First check-in we are given keys to a room where purple are ashtray in and the room smelled like smoke. Second check-in we are given a generic room, and third check-in they were unwilling to rectify their mistake. The wouldn't offer me an apology nor helped me out. We will not return! Location is nice, but the rooms are sub-par. Concierge was nice with good recommendations.",2
514, January 2020,Great experience!,"I had asked for a room with a view and near times square and they deliver exactelly what I had asked for. Although small, the room was very clean and confortable. The arrival was a little stressed but it all worked out for the best.",5
515, January 2020,"Only the location is ok, the rest is fraudulent facilities tax","The same as Guest tam, this hotel is fraudulently charging facilities fee. Beware that the price you book is less than what you finally pay. For a four star, there is not even a fridge. It is an old building, basic furniture, really minimum minimorum.",1
516, December 2019,Just because the location...,"I stayed for the holidays in December last year with my brother and nephew. Overall average hotel. 1) First room we got had a barn door in the bathroom which had a huge opening around it and the wall... basically it was like going to the bathroom without a door!!! We got a new one with a conventional door... it was ok. 2)Something was wrong with the elevators, only one or two worked for that massive number of rooms, floors and people: impossible to get on one, only after 2 or 3 came packed. We were at the 16th floor! 3) we were charged for 2 room services that we never ordered: I had to showed my receipts for breakfast to prove we had it at the hotel cafe and not at the room. That is not the way to treat a customer. Conclusion: Not sure I am coming again to stay here",2
517, January 2020,"Great hotel, for a great price","Have just checked out of RowNYC and my experience has been overwhelmingly positive! I've seen reviews that have said that front of house staff were rude, but everyone on the staff I have talked and interacted with have been extremely friendly and helpful, from front desk, to cleaners and the guys in the baggage room. The room is great and an average size, its not overly large, but I didn't feel cramped or needing more space, it would even still be comfortable with an extra person. I was lucky enough to have been given a corner room, so I had two windows with great views. I could see right down 45th Street. The TV is large and has a good selection of channels. The was a decent AC/heating system that made the room nice and warm. The bathroom was also good and looks as if it has",5
518, January 2020,Mostly positive,"I’ve stayed at the Row back when it was the Milford. They have since updated the rooms somehow making them feel more spacious. The walls however are very thin and you can hear everything. The checkin lines are exceptionally long and if you lock yourself out of your room, expect to wait wait in that exceptionally long line just to get a new key. Staff were reasonably friendly and the rooms were reasonably clean.",3
519, January 2020,Not as good as my first visit,Slightly disappointed that the hotel didn’t live up to my expectations from my last visit. The room was dirty and needed redecorating. Staff seemed uninterested. 2 holding fees were taken in error and I was only notified when I found out myself. Excellent location is probably the only positive about the hotel.,3
520, January 2020,Comfort in a busy city,"Arriving at New York at 00:20 in the morning, we were met by loads of people in the streets. The hotel concierge was not the most friendly person around, but the hotel is central to theatres, time square, and all other Manhattan areas. The room was clean, perhaps a bit cramped but met the needs of a fast stay over.",4
521, January 2020,enjoyable,"I loved the creative flair of the The Row NYC. The Row has a cool club feel to it. The price was awesome for all the amenities we received. You can walk right out your door and have a great time, no fuss.",4
522, January 2020,Excellent location. Ok room,"The best thing about this hotel was by far the location . 5 minutes from Times Square. Room was ok, bathroom in desperate need of updating and a lick of paint. Two plugs didn’t work, but annoying as the ones by the bed but couldn’t be bothered to tell reception as didn’t want to move rooms. No towels on arrival, called reception and were sent up no problem. Lovely comfortable bed and easy to use tv. Very helpful doorman. Would probably stay again!",4
523, January 2020,Okay,Service and staff were great. room need attention and possibly fumigation to get rid of roaches. Saw one on the wall crawling close to bed and some in the bathroom. Did not report to management as I was there for short time and did not spent too much time in room.,3
524, January 2020,"Good location, nice facilities.","The hotel is near Broadway Theaters, Lincoln Center, museums and Empire State Building/Top of the Rock. It's very convenient. You could reach most of the venues by subway and bus. Near airport transfer.",5
525, January 2020,"Great location, clean, and a helpful staff.","For someone wanting to stay near Time Square and within walking distance for all Broadway shows, many off-Broadway shows, and good restaurants, the Row NYC is a good selection. The staff are friendly and helpful. The room was clean, although small (as most New York/European style rooms are).",4
526, January 2020,Convenient to many broadway theatres and eating options,"Our room was clean and convenient, although a little small. The service was very good and all staff members were congenial. All Broadway theatres are i walking distace.The only downside for us was the lack of a good eating establishment on site.",4
527, January 2020,Time (square) waits for Row man...,"Perfect location and reasonably priced as well. The room was a decent size and we had a view onto the street below from the 21st floor, it was quiet on our floor and then you go to the ground floor and its always so busy which is nice. There is a bar which seems nice. We had no problem with check in, we were in our room within 10 minutes of entering the hotel, the lifts are well organised as well, there at 6 lifts and we were never left waiting for more than a couple of minutes. I would visit here again, you are a 2 minute walk to time square, it really is in the centre and a short walk to the subway as well. Priced well for central New York.",3
528, December 2019,Worst Customer Service - Anna. Don’t expect rooms to be cleaned without having to chase for cleaning.,"Anna of Front Desk was really rude- the worst customer service ever. For the 6 days we stayed, bulk of time the room was not cleaned- despite me reminding Housekeeping, despite me making a makeshift sign to clean the room - to hang on door handle (their sign has do not disturb on BOTH sides. When I raised issue with Anna, she rudely said it was the “way” I spoke. How else do you expect a complaint to be conveyed if not in form of a complaint? She unwillingly agreed to give me clean towels claiming it’s past housekeeping hours. Well is it my fault that the room was not cleaned and towels not given during housekeeping hours? Send Anna to learn how to apologize to guests for hotel’s omission instead of aggravating with her arrogance. She said she can’t do anything about rooms not",1
529, January 2020,Great stay at the ROW NYC,"Stayed at the hotel with 2 friends for 4 nights. the hotel is great but the best thing is the location. just a minute walk from times square, restaurants and coffee shops, subway is around the corner. room was bigger then other hotels i stayed with in new york",5
530, January 2020,Weekend away ROW NYC,"Just got back from Row NYC. This hotel is great for your base. The hotel is clean with friendly helpful staff. Had a issue which was sorted and happy with there response. The rooms are basic but clean and modern. A safe,iron and hairdryer in room along with TV. 3 of us stayed in this room on the 14th floor with no worries. Don't expect all singing and dancing room as you would be disappointed if you do. Rooms like a Travelodge. Only problem nothing hotel can do about this is the noise. (Ear plugs needed) Even on 14th floor very loud outside but the city never sleeps and would be the same in any hotel in NYC. Hotel is in a great location just a stone throw from Time Square, Madame tussauds and to many to mention shops and restaurants. There is also a $40 facility fee per room per",5
531, January 2020,Excellent service,"Stayed at the Row from the 24th to 27th jan 2020. The Row itself is idealy located next to Times square. The rooms are compact and dont have any drink making facilities but do have a safe and a hair dryer. The view we had was excellent of the city, but you may need ear plugs due to the noise of NYC. There is a facility fee at the hotel and also a security desposit. We had a problem with our room due to cleanliness but the reception staff were amazing and offered us a new room, a return of our facility fees and a late room check out they could not of helped any more. I was concered by the bad reviews before arriving but the hotel and staff were polite and helpful and I would return without hesitation.",5
532, January 2020,Great location,"The hotel has a privileged location, the room was clean and nice, and hotel staff was friendly. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to be near Times Square and still pay an affordable price. I would certainly go back.",5
533, January 2020,Great Value,"Check in was fast and they were super accommodating (let me check in early and get a late check out). Room was perfect for my needs other than the fact that the water pressure was so low I couldn't wash my hair. But the location is central to everything, bed was comfortable, and they even stored my bags until after my evening show. I highly recommend this hotel (just bring dry shampoo).",5
534, January 2020,Great Stay at Row NYC,"I was so worried about the bad reviews I read. I'm happy to report that I did not observe or experience any of the problems noted in the negative reviews. My room was fantastic. The bed was wonderful. Using the elevators was incredibly easy and would arrive seconds after pressing the buttons. As for being dark, yes, the hallways seemed dimly lit although I think that's supposed to be a mood lighting. I think it could be brighter but I liked it. I'm also glad to say I saw NO, NO, NO homeless people there! The hotel was perfect and clean. The staff were so helpful and kind. It took about 5 minutes to check in. Also the food court area and the hangout area at the top of the stairs was a wonderful addition to the hotel. Lastly, the best thing is the location. You can't beat it! I",5
535, January 2020,Súper recomendable!,"It’s a great hotel! It’s super safe, really clean, you can go walking to town square and it’s safe to go al night. It has good WiFi. Hot water. Heater. Room is really cute. Loved it I really recommend it!!",5
536, January 2020,cold wave in Row NYC,"The heating made an unbearable noise and we could not turn it on at night, despite having an impressive cold wave. In addition, the hotel charged us 100 dollars more than contracted with booking.com. To be a deluxe room with city views, these were not extraordinary either.",2
537, January 2020,NYC Trip,Great location and value and would have no problem recommending to a friend traveling. Staff were very friendly and also very helpful to any queries we had. Hotel looked smart and fresh in reception and dining experience was really cool,5
538, January 2020,Great location,Nice hotel rooms not over big by us standards . Lovely location right in the heart of it . Shame there wasn’t coffee making facilities in the rooms and watch out the taxes they put on you doesn’t catch you out but overall nice stay,4
539, January 2020,"Great value, great location","We just spent 9 nights at The Row, We have three hotels we like in NYC & usually go with the cheapest one. The Row was much, much cheaper this time Both the price and location are great. It’s the perfect location if you are going to lots of Broadway shows. Most of the guests appear to be under 30 and there are always tour buses out front so that is the clientele. However, it wasn’t noisy and the room was immaculately clean. A towel rack would help. Also, for an extended stay like ours, it would be nice to unpack. There is no dresser. We’ll certainly book here again if the price stays low.",4
540, January 2020,"Good location, shame about the rooms and breakfast","We were 2 couples. We applied for room upgrades and got them. I wouldn't like to see the room we originally had, as the upgrade was not great. Very basic rooms which are tired with scuffed walls and the heating / a/c sounds like someone dropping a bag of spanners. The safe battery was dead. The shower was ok, but the wallpaper and tiles were really messy / scuffed / chipped. Just very poorly maintained following a cheap renovation paint job. The hotel is big (it is the (old Milford Plaza)- prepare to wait a long time for the 'smart lifts' which are usually crammed with people and didn't all seem to be operational. The lobby gives an image of a trendy hotel and i think that is where the money was spent. We had breakfast included, but it was very poor. The tea and coffee were",3
541, January 2020,Good Day,Hotel is very good. Good localization. Time rooms. Breakfast poor. Check in and check out is fast and very good. Lack of fridge in the room to freeze drinks. Lack of microwaves to heat something to be consumed during the stay.,4
542, December 2019,"Good hotel , rude front desk clerk",The system was down we arrived late at night. Rude front desk clerk.worst experience checking in.other than that hotel room is good and price is good also. Near Times Square also the place is near the theater where we watched Hamilton.,3
543, January 2020,My first time!,"The reservation, check-in and check-out process was smooth as silk. The staff is top-notch! The rooms are affordable, but don't have a fridge, microwave or coffee/tea. The hotel also has that fancy elevator system, where you punch in the floor you want and it tells you which elevator to take. The elevators are kinda small; if you're in a group with a lot of luggage, you may have to go up 2 at a time. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay!",5
544, January 2020,Poor experience due to poor service.,"My trip included four hotels over 10 days, from Boston, CT, Manhattan and Long Island. The other three hotels were fine, this one was not. Long check-in lines. Unfriendly check-in team. Room was at 65F. Used room phone to request help, told it would be fixed. Nothing happened, called again, told someone on the way, nothing happened, called again. Nothing. Gave in and went to reception, long wait in line, finally got someone to fix. Breakfast is a poor experience too. The only good bits, fast elavator and the bag store was well organized, with friendly team. I would not stay again. Many other NYC hotels to try and some must be better.",3
545, January 2020,Very Disappointed,Hotel is in a good location in New York Rooms are very small and have had a makeover of sorts Wife had a fall in the dysfunctional room suffering a bone fracture and we still have not heard from management Very disappointed I will not recommend this hotel there are far better for the same price Everything mentioned in other reviews about the 3rd world lift system is true Stayed in 16 different hotels on my US Vacation and this was by far the worst I expected better in New York,1
546, January 2020,Very poor heating/air in room.,Carpet very worn. Bathroom small but nice. Pillows more like baby throw pillows. Heating and air didn’t work for four days. All sick by the time we left no offer from hotel to make things right. Very disappointed.,2
547, January 2020,Poor stay for 4 nights,"Room smelled of medicated oil, small and tiny space to walk, no fridge or microwave, dirty carpet, bathroom very narrow. Charged $160 faculty fee and $100 deposit. Went somewhere else and it was a lot better and cheaper and cleaner",1
548, January 2020,wonderful overall,"Perfect location for theatres, Times Square, restaurants, shopping. On a wide avenue so easy to grab a cab. One block away from residential area. Loved the king room, really comfortable bed and pillow, great black out curtains, TV and internet and docking station. Price was excellent as well.",5
549, January 2020,"Wasnt bad, Wasnt great","The row itself is beautiful to look at, the interior and design is very classy which i loved! guest services was great when we was seen by them too (the 2 gentleman)... The room though wasnt so great! it was dirty on arrival and the room was wrong to what we actually paid for. Spoke to the lady on the guest services who was very rude which made the first day of our dream holiday horrible! the great part was there were friendly people such as Owen and a lady called Christina. Owen was the man who sorted the room out and Christina was the last person who helped us the day we checked out, she was amazing! so friendly and a credit to have at the hotel! she made the worse visit not such a bad visit!",3
550, January 2020,Good place to stay for a trip to see the City,"Good place to stay to see the city. We had a Deluxe Room it was good. The beds are double not queen, but it worked well for us. We got there early the first day and they let us put our bags in the room they had ready for a fee. So that was very handy.",5
551, January 2020,Great location!!,Hotel is literally 1 block from Times Square!!! Rooms are small and European style but I was used it and lobby is very modern upscale looking and for the price you just can’t beat it. Great and safe for my small kids where Central Park was only a 10 min walk with tons of restaurants right I’m in front of hotel highly recommend,5
552, January 2020,Great place in New York!,"As has been the case for over 20 years, I am staying at Row NYC, formerly Milford Plaza, and one of the main reasons is the attention, warmth and affection I receive from his team, especially Marcelo Del Col who has been with me since the first time at the hotel . The satisfaction was always so great that I mentioned Marcelo's examples of service in several of my books, including the How to Sell Value published in the USA. I recently stayed at the hotel with my group of clients, composed of presidents and CEOs of important companies in Brazil. on this occasion I held a workshop in the newly opened conference room. Aleksandra and Grace supported me from the beginning in the whole process of booking, defining the format of the room, services, etc., which was fundamental to the",5
553, January 2020,Great location and friendly staff,"The location was perfect for me. It was close to restaurants, shops, Broadway shows, and time square. The room was as shown in the picture. The staff were super friendly and helpful. I had no issues at all with my stay here.",5
554, January 2020,Awesome Stay!,"Great location! Great staff! The breakfast was good also. I have nothing bad to say about our stay. Times Square is a block away, Madame Tussands around the corner, Movie Theater around the corner, Bus and Subway terminal also.",5
555, January 2020,Amazing location,We love staying at this hotel so much it has a great view of time square and it’s super close to the subway stop. The price is great for all the amenities and we loved having all the different restaurant options right downstairs inside of the hotel.,5
556, January 2020,"Great location for theatres, but will not stay again","On the positive side, we were very close to the theatres and despite what other reviews note, our room was clean and we found the District M staff to be friendly. (Plus the City Kitchen food court was convenient, if difficult for seating when busy--and the mediterranean vendor was FANTASTIC.) Caveats: we booked their cheapest room, the Standard, so I suppose we ""got what we paid for."" Make sure you read all the details on what you're getting/not getting. And do look at the other reviews before you book at Row. However we will never stay there again (and we travel to NYC for theatre at least twice/year)... --Upon check-in we learned there is a mandatory $35 (+tax) per day facilities fee (so add $40/day to the room quote--moving it out of ""cheap"" hotel range--we could have",1
557, January 2020,Okay but SOME rude staff,"The room was quite small but was very tidy and clean and the bathroom was aswell, the bed was comfortable and the views from the window was AMAZING. However some of your staff are extremely rude. Explained to the woman on the desk that our keys had been zapped and we needed them reinstated however we had no ID so couldn’t be given the key. The lady said ‘she would phone security to let us in the room’ no she didn’t. Stood waiting for 30 mins and then decided to phone back down, the woman on reception was again useless and I demanded to be put through to security. the security man was friendly. This lady deserves to be fired and as a paying customer I find this disgusting. However all of the other staff were pleasant and friendly so it was just this lady. However good location",3
558, January 2020,Better next time hopefully,"We had booked a room originally for Jan 7th but had to change it to the 8th. We did this a week ahead of time bit were told there were no more rooms available to our original status. We agreed for an interior room so that we could keep our king bed but they charged us additional money. When we got to our room, it was clean but the bed was very uncomfortable as was the pillow and it was next to the elevator which was at a constant stop and go through the entire night. I love this hotel overall but found this particular stay to be very disappointing.",4
559, January 2020,Needs work,The hotel has many drawbacks such as the elevators being broken and long lines at the desk. The service in the food court at the donut kiosk was awful. The security officer at the elevators could not speak English.,3
560, January 2020,Home away from home,"This is my favorite place to stay when I visit NYC. I've been staying here since it was the Milford Plaza Hotel. The service is always phenomenal, rooms are always clean and everyone is always so nice and help. See you next time ROW NYV",5
561, December 2019,HORRIBLE HOTEL - Misc. Charges on credit card,"Do not stay at this hotel. When you check-in they take your credit card, as all hotels do, and tell you that the $50 deposit will be voided when you check-out - NOT! It was not voided and they do not even help you despite the fact that they are the ones that charge the $50, they lie and say that they can't do anything about it because the reservation was made through a 3rd party yet they are the ones that made the charge not the 3rd party. Horrible service, horrible rooms, and they charge your credit card without permission!!!! DO NOT STAY - FIND ANOTHER HOTEL!",1
562, January 2020,"Poor management,technics etc",Good location Always crowded like shopping centre Poor facilities Small rooms And finally if you call for technician about some problem of heatng or sth they will organize that after 1 hour terrible....,2
563, January 2020,Good stay. Good location. Nice room.,"We spent the weekend here and had a good stay. It is closer to Hells Kitchen, on the outskirts of Time Square. So close enough, not overwhelming. I was hesitant at first bec this was a booking from Priceline so it was a “surprise”. The good surprise is it is literally a 1 minute walk to the Broadhurst theater where we watched the musical Jagged Little Pill (main purpose of this NYC trip). Pros: location. Literally close to everything- drugstore, many restaurants, theaters, coffee, donuts, etc within walking distance. Comfortable beds, clean bathroom, friendly housekeeping staff. We had a good nights sleep. Blackout shades were great. Cons: long wait at check in. I checked in on a Friday night 1/10 at around 7pm and there was only 1 person actively checking guests in. There",4
564, January 2020,Negative/ positive,"Arrived at the hotel - first impressions very dim lite lobby area - checked into the room on the 10th floor , we upgraded to a city view room only to be looking out over water towers . The room was small more like a hostel room . Very small double bed , I felt so disappointed because I looked forward to this trip for so long . I read all the negative reviews on trip advisor. We went down to the reception and spoke to a gentleman called Dominic it was fantastic he asked us to go and look at another room on a different floor so we went to look at the other room but it had an adjoining door and you could hear the guests in the next room and maybe they could hear us coughing and sneezing. So we went back down and said that we would stay with the room that we had originally booked",4
565, January 2020,Terrific value.,"To start, if you take a car service, the location is very good. Also good if you take the train from either JFK or Newark to Penn Station with a walk or short hop on the E subway train to the Row. Check in is efficient. Multi-lingual for foreign guests. Rooms are updated. I use a basic room including breakfast, and it is always pleasant. Hotel and rooms are clean and well maintained. I like the location for business and personal use.",5
566, January 2020,WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE,"DO NOT STAY HERE PLEASE READ I made a reservation to stay at the Row Hotel from the 9th January to the 15th January 2020. I booked two rooms for a party of 4 of us. Due to the major issues that resulted in the standard of rooms at this ""hotel"" I emailed the General Manager Maurizio who has still not replied to my email of complaints and refused to speak to me in person as he was ""busy"". Poor service from the senior management who clearly are failing in their roles due to the terrible conditions. I booked two standard rooms and upon checking into the rooms I noticed that it was incredibly dirty with brown food stains on the cabinet, a bad smell and odour and black stains on the window blinds. After seeing this and complaining the reception upgraded me to a superior double bed",1
567, December 2019,Ok if you just want a base to lay your head,"Stayed here with hubby just before Christmas for 4 nights. We chose this hotel due to it's proximity to Times Square and booked a city facing premium room which was on 27th floor. The hotel is on 8th street so not the greatest side to Times square. We did have a city view which meant we could see a theater billboard. The room was tiny, smaller than some I've stayed in NY. The heater in the bathroom did not work and there was black scum around the bath too. The main room power sockets went off one day. There was also renovation work right outside our room door. The bar was nice enough and the staff friendly. We grabbed take out coffee from the food hall some mornings which was fine. There seemed to be school kids being picked up each from here, not sure what that was about. I",3
568, January 2020,Hidden $100 security deposit but a nice hotel,It's dark and modern. The staff are nice and the room is clean. The location is a two blocks from Times Square. I like being a little closer on the other side. The room is small and so is the bathroom. I'm spoiled by The Millennium Hotel so everything by comparison isn't as good!,4
569, January 2020,Review,"Good location to get about, but rooms were not clean and staff lacked any customer service skills. Had to wait a long time to check in. Rooms were small and had paper thin walls. Was woken up at 4.30am every monring by next door having full blown conversatiin over the phone. Lifts constantly had a weird smell also with lack of cleaning. Staff did not make you feel welcome at hotel as looked miserable and had bad attitude when highlighted any issues or asked any questions. Overall would pay more in price to stay in a better hotel.",2
570, December 2019,Excelent experience,"Perfect location, one block away form Time square.Friendly personal. After a long day of traveling, the front desk personal was very friendly and in a minimun time we were in our room. Our room was clean every night. The roomattendents were always friendly when meeting them in the hallway. We stayed in the premium room with a very nice view. Outside noice was not an issue, you could hear you are in a city but it wasn't an issue for us. A/C was good. Fun to take pictures in the lobby and received it by mail. There are comupters and printer available. City Kitchen is in the lobby but the best coffee is District M. Very friendly personal in discrtrict M. One of the barristas took his time to make the perfect coffee for everyone. District M converts in a bar at night with life",5
571, January 2020,Terrible Service,This place is a joke. We had a reservation for 2 days they said we did not have a reservation and made us leave the hotel. We already had the reservation scheduled and they told us that the hotel was booked and they would not let us stay in the hotel. They pretty much kicked us out the hotel.,1
572, January 2020,A Pleasant Stay,"My stay at the Row was a pleasant one, from my check-in to my departure, The room, while not exactly capacious, was clean and comfortable. The hotel itself is centrally located, close to Broadway shows, restaurants, and the subway. On the whole, I would recommend the Row.",5
573, January 2020,Perfection!,"From check in to luggage holding on our last day... the staff was INCREDIBLY friendly, helpful, and made it a first class experience. We couldn’t have asked for more! The sales department was stellar.",5
574, January 2020,Sweet 16 Celebration,I took my daughter to NY for her 16th birthday and spent extra for the premium city view- she was thrilled and loved every inch of this special hotel. The room was perfect for the 2 of us and the location around the corner from Broadway shows and Times Square was exactly what we wanted.,5
575, December 2019,Vivid and cosy place to stay in a theater & Time Square area!,"We chose Row NYC Hotel because it was so well located and middle of everything. Very nice restaurant ""world"" downstairs inside the hotel. We stayed 2 times around New Year. Busy times but service was excellent. Would definitely stay again. Carpet of the room was a bit dirty and generally worn out. Some mold was spotted on the ceiling and wall of the bathroom.",4
576, January 2020,Small but good for price,"Experience- Long check-in line(20 min), nice workers, easy-going process. Cleanliness- horrible smell throughout floor first day. Was resolved by night time. Room-small but good for getting out of(NYC)",3
577, January 2020,Girls trip with daughter and niece,"We had a great time and enjoyed the room. My only complaint was the tiny bathroom, but not enough of a complaint to take away from a good rating. Staff was nice and room was clean. Location was AMAZING!!",5
578, January 2020,Expect zero customer service,Please think twice ---- I mean thrice before booking. No customer service. No chance of adjustment even for one hour for check in. Rigid rules with high attitude staff. You can get lots of other options in nearby area.,2
579, January 2020,A disgusting experience,I spent all of my money on a trip to New York just to be charged an extra $200 upon arrival. I was never warned that I would have to pay more and I will not be able to pay my rent this month. I got pinkeye in this hotel and was unable to work the week after. I am furious and disgusted.,1
580, November 2019,Great Location. Staff hit and Miss. Rooms a bit Sterile. Decent Price.,"***This is a review based on a weeks stay at ROW NYC in November 2016*** We visited NYC for my 30th Birthday in 2016. We booked through expedia and Row NYC seemed to be the best option when taking into account location, look and feel of the hotel paired with, most importantly, price. ROW NYC is situated just off Times Square and is ideally located for anyone visiting Manhattan; especially for their first time. The main tourist attractions are nearby and those that aren't are only minutes away via a nearby Subway. The hotel is also located near to the main Bus Station and is a 'Bus Stop/Drop off point' for persons travelling out of Manhattan for Trips via the 'Go Explorer' Pass. Our holiday started off great with alot of staff at our initial Airport Hotel and the Airline (BA)",3
581, January 2020,Great location!,"The location can't be beat! So close to Times Square, theaters, several subway stops, lots of great restaurants, etc. Great ""food court"" attached to hotel with lots of dining options. My only complaint was that we had to wait in a ridiculously long line to check in (with several check-in kiosks open but no staff at them). Also, I booked a Deluxe King Room, but was given a room with a full/queen bed which was disappointing. Regardless, we got a great rate for the location and would stay there again!",4
582, January 2020,ROW NYC STEAL YOUR MONEY,When check it when I was checking in on the 7th of January I’ve got told that at the receptionist that they’re going to take a $200 deposit for just for like for emergencies or break for damages or something like that but then when I was checking out I looked on my bank statement in and it’s been showing that I’ve got a 40 dollars refunded when I suppose to be getting 200 dollars back. They told me that I will be getting the whole payment back. So my problem is that being told that I’m getting this payment back straight away could of meant this 200 dollar payment was to pay for my taxi to airport but your employees didn’t consider that at all and I feel that that hotel didn’t not care for my well being someone coming from a different country and should of expected a lot of,1
583, January 2020,"Great Location, Comfortable Hotel","This hotel is in such a great location, not far from Broadway and Times Square, very handy for walking around and the perfect base for our trip. The hotel itself is relatively clean, not perfect but acceptable, the rooms are compact but definitely not overly small considering you are in the middle of a city. The beds are so comfortable and housekeeping was provided each day. I saw some complaints here about the wait for lifts but we didn't have any major issues with this and there was never a wait of more than a few minutes for us. Also, TV in the room had casting enabled and all the channels you could need. Overall a very enjoyable stay and we would definitely stay again if we were going back to New York.",4
584, January 2020,Excellent option in Manhattan,"Great hotel experience in Manhattan! Good vibe, excellent location and friendly staff. Small room as expected in NYC, but breakfast could be much better. Nevertheless, me and my wife had a good time and wish to be back soon.",4
585, January 2020,First time flying visit,"Due to a holiday firm messing up a holiday I had tried to arrange for my girlfriends 40th birthday to Spain this was only book a few months prior to our visit. I had gone on Virgin Holidays merely to look and placing a deposit to visit Florida in October 2020 but the website instantly popped up with this offer for New York. Ok, I wasn’t expecting much for the hotel and the price but thought what the hell, we are only gonna be spending time there sleeping as the majority of the time will be spent out in the city. I was wrong. This hotel was fantastic. From pulling up at the front of the building, it was well presented with concierge at the doors, but they did not push you to take your bags so did not make you feel obliged to tip. Check-in was fast and done with ease. The",5
586, January 2020,Air conditioning not working,"I've always stay in this hotel because of work. Guess it's cheap that's why my company choose it. I cannot change the hotel either when I'm on duty so gotta sucked it up. Usually is just small rooms that I cannot even place my cargo bag, or very small toilets that you get hit every turn you made in the toilet. Mind you that I'm quite petite. This time round that really made me go mad is the air conditioning is not working. It gets warmer and warmer by itself. Till the extent that I got woken up from my sleep. So I called in the guest service and asked politely for a technician to come up and check on the Ac. I waited till I fell asleep and got woken up by the heat again. Off the Ac, opened up the window and called in again. They promised to send technician up. You guessed it",2
587, January 2020,Sooooo Central,"Central to all sights, the staff assisted in recommending must sees for our flying visit and concierge service assisted in arranging our tour. Friendly staff, extremely clean room and premises were exceptionally well valued for the location.",5
588, January 2020,Great budget hotel. Glad I ignored many reviews!,"Having booked a long weekend trip with BA and trusting BA’s choice, I was then horrified to read some reviews online. I nearly changed my booking. SO glad I didn’t because the hotel was fabulous. Yes, Room was small but had a desk, storeage, safe, ice bucket, aircon, tired bathroom with towels and toiletries and the location was amazing. We only spent late evening and overnight in it anyway. Bed was comfortable, lift system very efficient and impressive (great as we were near the top on floor 23) and I just wonder why others had such a bad experience. Check in at 5pm on a Thursday took 5 minutes and we were really sorry to leave. Definitely a budget hotel full of predominantly younger people but was perfectly fine for two 50+ Budget comscious crusties who would rather spend the",4
589, January 2020,row,Clean room good location near times square and Broadway . Easy walk to Rockefeller Center and 5th Ave . Not far from Pennsylvania Station -Long Island Railroad and the Subway . Many restaurants are near by .,4
590, January 2020,Three chances to change my mind. Done with this hotel.,"I've traveled to New York three times since November, all for business. Because the Row has a very adequate fitness center, I was willing to ignore the horribly long check in process, ridiculously slow elevators,and comically low number of amenities to justify their ""facility fee."" However, upon more comprehensive use of the fitness center, I have now discovered that not a single treadmill was working properly (either the belt or attached monitor was not operational, or both.) Also, the water cooler was not working either. I informed the desk staff of these issues within 12 hours of my arrival. They told me they would take a look (with attitude of disinterest similar to several other reviews I've read for this hotel.) After five more days, not a single thing was fixed. It",2
591, December 2019,Christmas In New York (Daddy and Daughter),"I am not sure where to start with this review. The check-in process is very slow. It would be great if they had more desk agents to work the check in process. Well the rooms on the website look awesome...don't believe that picture. We had a room on the eight floor. The room is extremely small. Our room smell like it had just been painted. We didn't have any face towels in the bathroom. The AC/Heat Unit was EXTREMELY LOUD. Sleeping and listening to the TV was out of the question. This issue takes a downhill negative, unprofessional, and disrespectful approach from The Row Hotel Maintenance Staff. I informed the front desk staff the morning of December 25th about the issue and requested for someone to come take a look at it. No one responded to my request that morning…so",3
592, December 2019,Rather disappointed,"The location is awesome, just around the corner of Times Square, close to bus and train station. The staff is professional, the security personnel was strict but friendly. The room was disappointing, rather small, cheaply furnished, a corner of the nightstand was chipped. The bathroom was dirty, the floor was not cleaned properly, the mirror and the glass plate below still showed the toothpaste of former guests. When removing the sheets (I lost one of my earrings) we found hair of former guests. After complaining about these things the bathroom floor and the carpet were cleaned. It was just for the perfect location that we stayed there.",3
593, January 2020,7 Night Stay - British Airways Package.,"Arrived at the hotel at about 3pm on check-in day, the check in process was very slow, (I thought this was due to being an hour early for check in however the check out process took just as long) sadly, the staff on the desk just seemed disinterested. Our room was on 23rd floor to which the lift system in the hotel isnt the greatest, sometimes we was waiting 10-15 minutes just to get to our floor as people couldn't grasp how the lifts worked and were just jumping in any lift. The room itself was clean and tidy and was adequate for what we needed, the views were good however it was abit on the small side but it was ultimately somewhere to lay our heads after exploring the city. On our arrival day we requested a TV remote and extra pillows but didnt get these until the",3
594, November 2019,Filthy dirty disgusting,Do not book this hotel it’s filthy dirty staff are disorganised rude would never stop in this hotel ever again I booked with virgin who also ruined our stay in New York by not picking us up from the hotel to the airport which cost us an extra 74 dollars it was supposed to a 4 star hotel I wouldn’t even give it 1 star only thing it’s got going for it is it’s location my advice is avoid this hotel,1
595, January 2020,Row NYC,The hotel was well situated for visitors. Very convenient to Times Square! Rooms are on smaller side but it is NYC. I see many complaints about elevators. We found them very efficient if you followed the directions and pushed your floor #! It was there in seconds! Overall a good experience.,4
596, January 2020,Good Hotel,"Everything in the Row was perfect for us, Food, Room, Staff, Security etc It is 5 minutes from times square walking, to get here from JFK it's $66 plus tip to taxi driver. Fastest and best way The hotel has an ATM also Only downfalls where Lifts can take some time to come down to the lobby or to come to your floor, Room keys de activate if they are sat in the same pocket as a phone so we had to change our key twice and the queue in the reception was really long and the lady at reception told me I had to wait even though I wasn't checking in or out I was just looking for a quick replacement key Other than these I'd highly recommended the ROW NYC Great place to visit.",5
597, January 2020,Over its getaway,"Modern convenient clean hotel near theaters and restaurants. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Great price value. Room was small but comfortable. Only complaint, a long wait for the elevator. Once the elevator did arrive, it was very crowded.",5
598, December 2019,FILTHY - DONT BOOK HERE,"Rooms were so dirty. crumbs, dust and other dirt down the side of the beds. Carpets were dirty, don't even think they were hoovered once in the 6 nights we were there as I purposely put a label in the corner of the room and it wasn't removed. Bathroom floors were filthy, the bath had other peoples hair in it and the walls were dirty. Bed sheets were stained and the duvet cover isn't sealed so the top of the duvet cover is open and you can see the dirty duvet. The sheets seemed to be changed every day but everyday there was a new stain. Walls were paper-thin! You could hear EVERYTHING. The lift stopped on a few floors one day, I saw homeless people, screaming kids running around the floors naked and strange smells from the lower floors. There is security at the lifts in the",1
599, January 2020,BUDGET HOTEL AT BEST,"I stayed here for 4 nights this week, to start the walls are paper thin & heard everything my neighbours said and did (including intimate acts!!! Woken up at all hours!!! There are hidden costs at ever corner....€42 per night resort fee...when asking the hotel they weren’t quite sure what this was for. Not even a kettle in the room to make a drink. Bedsheets were stained. Every time you leave the hotel it smells of weed.",2
600, January 2020,Ripped off,Do not stay at this hotel.They charged twice for room and continued taking different amounts of money days after checking out I would never stay here again they will not return my money unless you want to be ripped of stay somewhere else,1
601, January 2020,Very good hotel!,"Hotel with all accessible attractions, the employees are all very friendly and have very good security. The rooms are comfortable. In front of the hotel there is a pizza and breakfast establishment that is very tasty. Very good experience, we will definitely be back!",5
602, December 2019,"Tired, scruffy, run down dump!","What a run down dump of a hotel! Room was beyond basic, we upgraded our room, would have hated to see what we were getting!! Dirty stained carpets, stained window blinds, no facilities...my fault for going cheap, this is THE WORST hotel I’ve stayed in, the homeless guy outside had a better room than we did!! They actually had the cheek to take a hidden resort fee for facilities we didn’t want or use!! Will never be back and I travel to NYC every year. AVOID AT ALL COSTS, you will regret it!",1
603, December 2019,Central location the only positive,"We arrived early afternoon, to a very darkly lit reception, in a very basic hotel. The dark carpets were stained & the overall impression was a very tired hotel. The brash receptionist couldn't find our booking & after asking me numerous times if I was sure I had booked with them, she eventually found the booking, no apology. Our city view room was cleaned but unclean.",3
604, January 2020,Great location! Well worth the price,"Great location, rooms are a little small, about the size of a historic boutique hotel. Looks like it was remodeled not to long ago. Clean, comfy and a great desk staff. My room was next to the elevator(way to loud...I thought it was a train) so I asked to be moved to a more quite room, they moved me graciously. Lots of restaurants and coffee shops near by too. I will be back!",4
605, December 2019,Christmas holiday trip,"Great location would use again. Could do with coffee making facilities Family room needs to be bigger. Clean room and good internet (kids happy) So close to Times Square, subway and all sights plenty of restaurants around and close to theatres",3
606, January 2020,A Quality Hotel!,"My 10-year-old daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights. The concierge service was top-notch, the staff made us feel welcome and at home, the security service set our minds at ease, the room was VERY clean - we will absolutely be returning to The Row.",5
607, January 2020,We love visiting NYC,"Great location and the hotel is good and reasonably priced. We didn't eat in the hotel, . The elevators can definitely ruin your stay as they take forever during check in and checkout times. We didn't get the king room we had booked which was very annoying and the whole 20th floor had the strong smell of weed for the first 2 days of our 4 day stay.",3
608, January 2020,It's a good crash pad but not really a 4* hotel compared to U.K.,"Just comeback from three nights at the Row and after Initally reading the I was a Little concerned as we booked without really looking into it fully, we thought ""it's four star it'll be fine"" In truth that's what the Row is, it's fine... don't expect luxury it's a functional base for a stay in NYC and the location is so close to the main things to see and do that it makes up for it... The location is on 8th Avenue, not the nicest of areas at night in all honesty but that is NY all over as well, you can walk round a corner of a multi billion dollar building and find one over 100year old... that said though we didn't feel unsafe at all, it's just a bit gritty and dirty, bit like areas of Rome... I wouldn't feel particularly comfortable being in this neighbourhood with my kids",4
609, January 2020,"Great staff, great location","Douglas at reception was very accommodating and friendly. He gave us great recommendations for food and improved our room upon request. With such lovely staff like this it would make you come back in a heart beat. Location is better than ideal, everything in Times Square is walkable difference. Couldn't recommend more.",5
610, January 2020,Great experience,"My first trip to the big Apple and row made it low stress. Room was large enough for 2 but the bathroom was snug. The staff was tremendous and pleasant on all shifts. The price for the location was amazing. Walking distance to Times square, subway, Rockefeller plaza, and the Grand Central Station.",5
611, December 2019,Nice place with package issues,"We use to stay in this hotel every year for at least the last ten years. It is fantastic to be near Times Square with all its light and fun!! The rooms are good and the breakfast is fair. The only problem is the package service. It has been a complicate for quite a while, but now it is terrible. Too much expensive and with a very, VERY, rude people.",4
612, January 2020,Dirty room,"The room was really dirty, with blood stains, mold and previous occupant’s head bands and used toilet treats. The water machine they charge for, was not working, the ice bucket they provide was greasy and with food.",2
613, January 2020,good experience,"the room was very clean, and there was security, i love breakfast, tacos, but very expensive, the price of the room if affordable compare to others. but my room was very noisy, near the ascenseur. and the air conditioning very noisy too",4
614, January 2020,Great Location,"Pros: Great Location Comfortable Beds and pillows Cons: Room was small and a bit run down, could have done with some maintenance. Bathroom had some mould. Extremely long wait to check in as there was a very long queue and only 2 staff at the desk. Other times you might be lucky as I noticed times when there wasn’t a line. After 20 hours of travel you look forward to getting to your room. Some staff could work on their customer service skills.",3
615, January 2020,adequate room but just that,"It was decent. Staff were good and had no issues. Just a small room in moderate condition for an OK price. The pictures make the rooms look much larger and sleeker than they actually are. Really, if you just need a mattress with no frills close to broadway, this is a good spot. Just keep your expectations in check.",3
616, January 2020,Good hotel for the price.,"This hotel is the old Milford Plaza, which, if you grew up in New York in the 80s like I did, had a commercial that played day and night. Now as the Row Hotel it's been updated - kinda. The lobby is quite nice and big, but it seems as if all the money went there - the rooms have been painted over but still look quite worn. I had to queue for about 20 minutes just to check in, which I've never experienced before. The food hall is nice, but not anywhere near enough seating for the size of the hotel (I wound up having my coffee and donut outside). The elevators take quite a long time, which is annoying. The room itself is small (but pretty normal for city hotels) and the bathroom was fine (although no hair dryer). This all sounds nitpicky, but considering I got this room for",4
617, January 2020,Regular,"The staff in this hotel was very unfriendly like they are doing you a favor, the rooms where OK nothing especial the location is great, but really the lobby staff, the long lines to check in and don’t even think to check in before everything like that",3
618, January 2020,"Stayed here 5+ times, but this time was different won't be back","Long story short: We have stayed at this hotel 5+ times and in the past everything was wonderful. Based on this trip we will be looking into other options. It just isn't worth it when there are so many other options for a similar price in the area. The elevators were so terrible, we had to take an elevator to the 15th floor and then walk to the 19th as there were no elevators going to high floors. They were always packed or it would take 10-15 minutes to get an elevator. That is completely unacceptable. In addition, when we arrived at 10am I understood we probably wouldn't be able to check in but the line was 25-35 minutes long only to be told I would have to do the same thing at 4pm. When we came back it was another 25 minutes in line. If you check in at 10am even if your",2
619, December 2019,Touch Down in NY,"Recommend by friends, we landed here. Great location, close to CP and Beacon theater. Spacious room and comfortable beds. It was nice to find a warm refuge in our room after a cold day. Standard breakfast, but just around the corner there's a lovely bar where you can get fabolous donuts and capucinos'. Good comunication upon arrival about transfer fro JFK. Complementary wifi and computers at guest disposal in the hall. Not to miss drinks st he bar in the evening enjoying some good music. We will be back soon.",5
620, December 2019,row to a different place.,intro. 4pm check in.dont get the room you book.barter of waive resort fee.there is no resort.dirty room next.bathrooms incomplete with towels.takes one day to get.never get waived resort fee.money pit.website photo shopped. its a old dirty hotel.staff at front desk with low integrity and disorganized.,2
621, December 2019,Poor experience,Small room you could barely walk around the bed (we had to place our luggages outside the window) Too noisy and luckily we were on the 28th floor It took too long to take the elevators The position was good,1
622, December 2019,Long waits,"We waited over an hour to check in. The lines were long with only 3 people to check guest in. We complained to the front desk mamager she said it's out busy time, I said if you know it have more people to check guest in. We paid for a king and told the manager so, before she gave us a room, We took our luggage up to the room and it was a queen bed, back down to the front desk and another wait. They did remove the resort fee for our inconvenience. The room was nice and clean but a rotten view, guess becaused we complained. Except to wait 20 minutes for the elevator,there aren't enough for the amount of rooms they have. The continental breakfast was included, but you only get one thing,and they kept saying that to everyone, you would have thought they were giviing out steak and",2
623, January 2020,Long lines and no sense of urgency,"Long line ups for check in, took 1.5 hours and no sense of urgency or care from front desk, unexpected costs that were not communicated at the time of booking and key lock issues causing me to go to the front desk 3 times during my 3 days to have room key activated....",3
624, December 2019,ROW NYC,"Thinking in location, breakfast and room: couldn´t be better. I think elevators system could be improved, because it sends too many people to the same cabin every time, causing a big and unusefull line in the hall.",4
625, January 2020,Disappointed,"Having just returned from this hotel I have to express my disappointment at the hotel overall. The rooms are so small, the bathrooms are awful and tiny. The website shows the hotel in a completely different light to what you actually experience. The rooms are filthy and the lifts are no better. You wait ages for a lift to your floor and when it arrives it’s filthy. The location of this hotel is perfect, it’s a shame the rest of the advertised points aren’t. My children were looking forward to the sugar shack that is advertised at the hotel. It was not open and looked like it hadn’t been for years. Very let down. New York is a very expensive trip and you want it to be memorable. This hotel is memorable for all the wrong reasons.",1
626, January 2020,Not it’s all cracked up to be,"The food was excellent! City Kitchen was amazing! The breakfast included was good. The elevator situation is awful, you spend so much time waiting for the elevator that goes to your floor! Small elevators you had to cram in bc u didn’t want to wait another 15 min for the next one. Great location. Transit hotel, the website makes it look like a LUXURY Hotel, it’s def not! 3/4 stars at best. It was reasonably $ so you can’t be upset",3
627, December 2019,Disappointed,Dissatisfied with the room size for the price I paid. It was too small with no fridge in the room; something we expected from a four star hotel. The bed and pillows were also very uncomfortable. The staff hardly smiled,3
628, January 2020,New Year's Eve,Great location for walking to Times Square to see the ball drop. We were disappointed because the room was small. We are just used to spacious rooms. I don't have 200 words that I would like to share with you.,5
629, December 2019,Great location. The price is good for the room&location. I received “awards” for booking through the hotel website,Great location The room was cute Sometimes the elevator takes a while.. Received rewards for booking through the hotel’s website. I had a very pleasant stay and i was right in the middle of Times Square,4
630, January 2020,You get what you pay for in NYC,"Very central location with the most in walking distance. A huge brick building, which offers the NY-flair. Checking in went fast and unpersonal and express-check- out is offered. The rooms are small ( it is NewYork, not the countryside!), but clean and of a good standard. Everything else works fine. Just the elevators let you learn patience...",4
631, January 2020,Great place!,"Excellent overall!! Highly recommend it!! Beautiful place near the best things in New York City (around the corner from Times Square), great friendly staff, amazing elevators (I know, weird point, but we never had to wait more than 15 seconds for an elevator) everything was perfect, except we couldn’t find a good power outlet, but it’s an old building so I don’t hold it against the hotel, as well, good ventilation in bathrooms would have been nice. I LOVED the black out curtains that let us sleep in. Excellent location, excellent staff, excellent building, excellent amenities; I’m a tad salty my phone wasn’t charged in the morning and had to go find a good outlet in the room. Highly recommend it!!! I see some people had different experiences, but I didn’t encounter that when we",4
632, December 2019,"Good location, great price.","The ROW NYC, the old Millford Plaza, is a perfect spot for theater goers who want Times Square without the price. The rooms are great, not large but clean and functional. Nice TV. Nice Bathrooms. The fitness center is open all the time. Best part is its central location to theaters. It is a block from at least 10 theaters. And Sardis and Times Square. Walking distance to most spots. Or a short cab to the Park, museums etc. Subway station is a block away. Parking option is available but a garage is half block away.",4
633, December 2019,location is perfect,"this is close to everything you need to see in Middle Manhattan. the broadway, times square and central park. you wouldn’t bother taking a subway or taxi just to get to famous locations in Manhattan. also if your lucky enough then you will get a nice view of the city.",5
634, December 2019,"After many years staying in the same hotel, I´m disapointed","The quality of the hotel is lower than it was last year. The room was spacious but the carpet was dirty, so was the air conditioning system, where it was possible to see acumulated dust The internet was poor, impossible to work using it.",3
635, December 2019,Eh. Made the most of it.,We booked this on short notice the week before Christmas using our credit card points so...you get what you get. We did not have a long check in line but we checked in at 7pm. The gentleman who check us in was friendly and efficient. Took only a couple minutes. Our deluxe corner room had a nice view. Yes rooms are super small. Bathroom is even smaller. There was also a furnace heater in the bathroom that was not able to be turned off so it felt like a 1000 degrees in the bathroom. We were on the 19th floor yet could still hear the constant honking and sirens from the street. The first night our room began smelling like smoke...nauseous skunk like disgusting smoke smell. We called the front desk....no one ever answered. Finally called security and someone came to our door and,2
636, December 2019,Longest wait to check in. Stood in line with bags and a child for over an hour. Awesome employee though.,"Whoever the gentleman was who checked us in was super nice. I was not in a great mood after standing in line for a ridiculously long time. It’s honestly the longest time I’ve waited on line for anything. Ever. I really don’t know what took so long. It was crazy!! Give him a raise. If he weren’t employed, this review would be very different.",4
637, March 2019,Riddled with Cockroaches,I've stayed at this place numerous times and it is completely riddled with Cockroaches. The last time i stayed i saw 4 in the lobby just on my way out. My coworkers had them in their bath and there were sightings in the bar. They need the exterminators in daily! The hotel staff are very nice as our the facilities and the look of the hotel is nice. I can't get passed the roaches though. During one of my stays i thought maybe it was a city thing but I've stayed in numberous hotels over my 20+ years visiting NY and this is the only hotel i have experienced this problem with. I'm truly surprised i haven't seen any other reviews stating the same problem.,1
638, December 2019,5 stars turned into 2 pretty quickly,"the location is good, the price was fair considering the holiday everything was going great until the way out - my car was damaged in valet care, and all parties involved since then have been rude, insulting, and completely unaccomidating. I have not been able to obtain the incident report for my insurance claim, and I'm wondering if it'll be more effective to file a police report or BBB complaint beware.",2
639, December 2019,Overall OK hotel for price,"Price and location are excellent. Security is good. Room was not cleaned well, hair all over tub, phone didn't work and had weird sticky stuff all over the headpiece. Some staff were great and friendly, but staff that was checking us in was extremely unfriendly and unhelpful which immediately gives a bad feeling. We used valet parking and the attended didn't greet us when we got there, he just stood there and made me run through the hotel to the front desk and wait in line just for them to tell me the attendant at the door is supposed to helpme... he didn't bother to approach me, I had to ask him for his help! Just a lot of confusion and not a lot of communication between staff. Overall OK stay and would be easier if they were a little more helpful to customers.",3
640, December 2019,Disappointed,"Disliked · The property requires a much needed update. The rooms are the size of a rabbit cage’, the furniture is cheaply made and not very ‘traveler friendly’. The shower/tub was not properly cleaned and had noticeable hairs from previous occupant(s), there was no heat in the bathroom and the shower head was coming out from the wall. Above the shower/tub there was a big (2’ by 2’) painted plywood covering not sure what. Not a room that would justify its description as a ‘deluxe city view’ or the $220 price. An upgrade was requested a day or so after the reservation was made, however none was provided, nor was there an explanation for it. In addition, for the included ‘free breakfast’ we were told that we are only allowed ‘one drink, one pastry and one fruit’ each! Needles to",2
641, December 2019,Just ok for the price,Cost of the hotel was great but the rooms are very small. Our room was not cleaned when we got there- we were given a different room. The location is excellent- right behind Time Square and close to the bus terminal. Everything is in walking distance,4
642, December 2019,Only worth it if you get a good deal.,"If you can get a good deal on the price then it’s worth to be in Times Square if for a short stay. Hotel needs updating, bed needs to be replaced, check in process needs to be faster. Elevators are extremely small!",3
643, December 2019,"Ideal location, rooms need some TLC","We have been coming to Row for years. The location is amazing, the staff are super nice, the gym was fantastic, the food court on the second floor is fantastic, but the rooms are looking worse for the wear.",3
644, December 2019,C christmas 2019 with 134 other ladies,The location of ROW can not be beat. Security makes me feel safe when arriving back to hotel at night. The Bell hop could have been nicer and helped since our group of 14 paid up front for the bell hop services. I did report through email to the hotel once arriving home.,5
645, December 2019,"Great location and views, not a great hotel though","Wonderful location, close to Times Square, meaning it is easy to walk to various attractions including Central Park. The Metro is also close by. The view from our room was great - we paid for the deluxe option. We were in a corner room and had views down 8th Ave as well across the Hudson River. The room itself felt dated with nothing deluxe about it, but it was clean. We could not turn down the heating so had to leave the windows open - not the best thing in New York where there is street noise all the time. No-one answered the phone when we tried to ring guest services, and the lobby was small for the size of hotel. There were often queues for the lifts too, although once you got in the lift because of the system they operate, you quickly got your floor. The hotel in",3
646, September 2019,No bang for your buck,"Very disappointing experience. Staff are not friendly, hotel is far from clean. Very dark and very dingy. NYC has amazing properties to offer, this for me was not one. Pictures are not accurate so it was misleading. Cons - Dirty - Multiple drain flies in shower - Aging property - Dark - Paper thin walls - Unfriendly staff - Pro - Location",2
647, December 2019,Great location bad hotel,"Arrived on the 20th December to a huge check in line to be told to wait we are understaffed. Lift system is the worse of any hotel system I have ever been in. Charges $40 a night hotel resort fee when you checkout. Got to our room to find pubic hair in the bed. They did move us to a different room. Hotel bar is very expensive $25 for a Malibu and coke and a bottle of beer, feel pressured to give tip. Only redeeming quality it’s a 5 min walk to Times Square.",3
648, December 2019,"Location, Location, Location",Booked rooms last minute for NYC. A great price at RowNYC so got two rooms for two nights. A walk away from theatres. Rooms were clean. Great view of the Hudson river. Loved the Market Kitchen for breakfast. This was great value and a great experience. We'll stay here again.,4
649, December 2019,Only positive is the location,"This hotel is definitely not 4 star. Our room was old and tired with the veneer on drawers was peeling off and non-functioning power outlets. The bathroom door had peeling paint and the closet did not have a door. I have never been to a 4 star hotel without a fridge/coffee maker in the room. This one did not. In addition, the room was so small there was nowhere to put our luggage. We had to pile it on the ""desk"". The worst was the smoking. During our entire stay, our floor and hallway were full of smoke. Not a ""someone smoked a cigarette"" smoke, but a haze of smoke that actually burned your eyes. Management said they would take care of it, but it continued until the end of our stay. The employees were kind and did their best, but this hotel is just not up par. If you",2
650, December 2019,I wouldn’t even give it 1 star ⭐️,"Terrible hotel to stay at! Sheets were dirty, plugs didn’t work in room, vanity was broken, elevators took way too long to go to your room. The complimentary breakfast was okay but nothing to brag about.",1
651, December 2019,Row NYC,Wow!! This hotel was absolutely gorgeous!! I cannot believe how close to Times Square we are and for such a great price!! Thank you soo much Douglas for making check-in easy and painless!! You’ve brightened our evening and made us feel so welcome!!,5
652, December 2019,Typical NYC Room,"It was a smallish clean room. Nothing is new or sparkly, but everything is comfortable. I get annoyed when they add a $40 fee at check-in. TLDR: Nothing important left to say. Using up 200 characters.",3
653, December 2019,ROW NY,The ROW NY is situated well for Broadway shows and restaurants. It is an excellent base to sight see from. The staff are so helpful and the on site facilities are very good. I did wish the bar would sell coffee in the evenings. The rooms are clean and tidy. Not much tourist info in rooms but online access was great. Stayed 5 days and was very happy there.,5
654, December 2019,Christmas,We stayed here for four nights - 22nd of December until after Christmas Day. There was absolutely no festive atmosphere in the hotel at all. Breakfast is not worth including in your stay. The staff were friendly & helpful and our room was always clean! The location of the hotel is brilliant so close to everything.,3
655, December 2019,Too tiny...claustrophobic...but staff great,The room was so tiny as well as the bathroom..more like a dorm really. The carpet in hallways appeared very dirty. This place is not for me but might be good for young people...it was very busy .....my friend is afraid of heights and got the disabled room and it was much bigger and clean too. Staff v friendly and 8th ave is really convenient.,2
656, December 2019,Perfectly location - no frills,I booked The Row for our 4 night stay in New York in December. We had a city view room which delivered as the views were incredible. It’s centrally located right near Times Square and pretty much within walking distance to lots of destinations. The hotel itself is basic but is ideal for somewhere to lay your head. Room sizes are average and beds were really comfy. Housekeeping was ok - not particularly thorough - but then I do work in the hotel industry so I guess I spot these things. Would definitely stay again!,3
657, December 2019,Good location but not clean,The hotel is in a good location and central but very busy and could be a lot cleaner. We found the bedrooms not very clean and the lifts weren’t cleaned in 5 days plus I saw an insect in the main lobby.,2
658, December 2019,Christmas holidays,"Great hotel,very clean,rooms were great, was within a 20 minutes walking distance of everything had a great time,best time to go sightseeing is in the morning's as it's quite, also head to Woodbury common it's great for huge reductions in clothing",5
659, December 2019,Great stay and service at ROW NYC!,"I love this hotel! I stay at ROW every year when we bring students to NYC to see sights and shows. The location of this hotel is so close to the Broadway shows we see as well as Times Square and other attractions. This is also my choice of hotel when I travel with friends and family. Not only do I love the location, but the amazing staff and doormen are all so nice and helpful. A special thanks to Josephine Jun and Hotel Associate Douglas who are incredible and help to make this hotel great!",5
660, December 2019,Overall Good...,"All in all, my one night stay was pretty good. There were a few little inconvenient things along the way. Let’s get those out-of-the-way first. The most inconvenient part of the stay was the elevators. There were at least 6 elevators but no more than 4 were working at once, with only one coming at a time, approximately every 8 to 10 minutes. This would not have been a problem if there weren’t at least three to four dozen people in the lobby waiting at any given time. That coupled with the fact that each elevator holds no more than seven people and even that is a tight squeeze. I waited at least three trips before I was able to get on a lift and upstairs to my room...roughly 20-25 minutes. Next was the check in process, we arrived early and understandably, an early check-in was",3
661, December 2019,Quick Getaway,Great customer service. The staff was on point with all questions answered at a timely manner. Check in and check out was flawless. The front desk was very helpful with other things going on around the area. Our room was up to par with being clean.,5
662, December 2019,Have a back-up plan if you reserve a room here,"On three of our five stays at this hotel, they were unable to honor our reservation due to a variety of glitches and overbooking. The location is great so we kept returning, but we won't be back after our most recent visit. Despite confirming our reservation before our arrival, they apologized at the registration desk because they were overbooked. They separated us into two TINY rooms, one of which did not have a working heater. The shower had several hairs from the previous guest and the rooms were not clean by most standards. The hotel moved us the next day to the room we had reserved. For context, the last time we stayed here, management offered us an upgrade as an apology for a previous stay. When we checked in, they were overbooked so two of us slept on a couch. So much",2
663, December 2019,Dirty rooms - bad service,"We walked into our first room, and I was shocked at how small it was. You barely had room to walk around the full size bed. Then we turned the light on in the bathroom and there were hairs and nastiness all over the place. The floor in the room wasn’t vacuumed and the sheets were dirty. So... we requested a room change: got to the second room, and SAME THING. We had to request yet another room. We got to the third room, and some of the same problems existed but at least there were no hairs in the bathroom. We had nowhere else to stay (visiting from Texas), so we just had to stay there for 3 nights. It was awful. On top of everything else, the lines for check in and check out took forever. So... I wouldn’t stay here if I were you!",1
664, December 2019,Always with the Row,"Clean, convenient and good value.Walking distance to times square, broadway shows, great restaurants. In house breakfast available to purchase. Bar on site also. One block over my fav brunch is Danielas Trattoria.",5
665, December 2019,Do NOT Book a room Here!!,"I have stayed here several times mainly because it is one of the cheaper hotels in the Times Square area. I will NEVER stay here again after this visit. The customer service is some of the worst that I have seen in this industry and they don’t seem to care at all. I have waited for towels, for a lost reservation that was prepaid, on the phone to talk to someone at the front desk, over half an hour to check in etc etc. The manager seemed ineffectual and didn’t care at all either. On a positive note, the front desk people are nice and overworked. I think they do so much business from abroad that foreigners either don’t expect much customer service or don’t speak English well enough to understand how bad the service is. The cost is not cheap enough to pay for my lost time. There",1
666, December 2019,"TERRIBLE STAFF AT THE LOBBY AND MANAGER, NO CARE FOR CUSTOMERS","WORST MANAGER (Victor) AND STAFF EVER Each member of the staff at the desk gives you a different answer to your question, they never know anything. Impossible to extend the check out time for some hours even if you offer to pay, they just tell you to go there on the check out day but then say everything is full. Not even an extra hour if you’re willing to pay. (Check out is at 12pm and the check in only starts at 4pm). Some people are nice but others are always rude and giving you an attitude, which is almost unacceptable behavior if you’re going to be working in the lobby. The manager, (VICTOR? was working Saturday 28th DECEMBER between at least 10am-12pm) is terrible. Right as he was nearly done answering to a group of people in front of me, I quickly asked him politely to",1
667, December 2019,Christmas Stay at NYC,Place accessible to all major tourist attractions. I was able to check in a hour before the check in time. Noise was pain sometimes but understandable due to its location. Overall price and value ratio is good. We will definitely come back if I get the chance to be NYC in the future.,5
668, December 2019,Poor service,"On a positive, this hotel has a good location. However, that's about it for positives. The staff are rude except for the cleaners. There appears to be many reviews saying this and each time the hotel apologises and promises to be better; however, nothing seems to have been done. We find baffling that the staff are wanting tips and actually ask for tips for their poor and unwelcoming service or for simply doing their job. The doorman was extremely unhelpful when we requested a taxi and appeared to be acting unlawfully saying we can only get the unlicensed taxi at an extortionate rate to take us back to the airport. He decided that no taxi in the city can hold 5 people. He walked off and refused to help us when we wouldn't get in an unlicensed cab which was $60 more than what we",3
669, December 2019,What happened to this place?,"We’ve stayed at Row NYC 5 or 6 times since it was converted from the Milford, but this will be our last. We hadn’t stayed here since 2017 so on a last minute trip we decided to stay at the Row. It’s become really rough around the edges. The lobby used to have a really cool smell, now it smells like cigarette smoke and laterin the evening, weed. Tile and paint chipped everywhere and the super friendly employees gone. We had a room on the 12th floor and hallway was never vacuumed. The room itself was also pretty banged up. The bed was comfortable so that’s one thing that hadn’t changed. The bathrooms at the Row are all small but this one was airplane sized. Our faucet also leaked anytime hot water was used. We tried calling but after 20 minutes trying to talk to someone we gave",3
670, December 2019,Row NYC,We saw 2 Broadway shows that were within a few blocks of the hotel. We requested an early check in and were accommodated. Our room was ready when we arrived around 12 pm. The hotel staff was very friendly. I will definitely be returning.,5
671, December 2019,Row NYC at Christmas,"We have stayed at the Row now 5 different times, have had all different size rooms. We recommend for couples the King with city view. Twin bed rooms can be very small. The beds are kind of hard. Cleaning staff are excellent, front desk staff tend to have an attitude. Security some do not speak English. They have a weird elevator system, this last time it was AWFUL. NOw the positive, best location we have found, close to subways, time square, Broadway. Tons of food nearby. Great little sitting area. And if you use the calendar on website you can find the best rates they offer!!",4
672, December 2019,Horrible,"I got in the room stayed for 10 minutes trying to call downstairs to see if they could get me another room because that one is right next to the elevator and I would not be able to sleep all night because of noise, I called and called no one picked up . The service to check in was horrible the guy had an atitude so I thought I’m just gonna bring all my stuff down again as I try to get another room because I’m sure costumer service will fail me once again. After calling around 7 times and no one at front desk picking up I went down, spoke to some girl this time, she was ok at least she didn’t have an atitute but she couldn’t get me another room ... also I would need to speak to manager that was busy at the time to go outside and come back in the next 25 minutes and try him again",1
673, December 2019,Dirty and run down,"We stayed here for 4 nights in mid-December. Whilst we expected a small room in NYC we did not expect it to be filthy. Thick dust on the window sills, television and in the bathroom around the sink. The inside of the drawers were dusty and had clearly not seen a duster or damp cloth for a long time - and were only suitable for putting our dirty clothes in. One of the drawers even had an old mouse dropping. When we checked in we were told we had been given a free upgrade - I would be interested to know what the original room would have been - maybe we would have had the mouse! The carpet also looked dirty - especially around the edges where the vacuum clearly didn't reach. We deliberately didn't look too closely at the bed/bedding as we were so tired! This is the first time",2
674, December 2019,Disappointing. Expected much more.,Hotel was old and rooms dirty. Staff were rude and not helpful. Very expensive for the location and quality of the accommodation. I would not recommend and would not stay here again. Much better hotels in the similar area.,2
675, December 2019,nice hotel,Nice hotel good location clean rooms free Breakfast everything works. Good for the price friendly staff quick check in. Close to Broadway walkable to time square and Bryant Park. Many restaurants nice lobby,5
676, December 2019,A great price for a Great room,Considering I was looking for a room to crash at the last minute after getting off of a double only to return back to work the next dat for another and to run across this Hotel by accident & it had great prices for a great hotel in the Heart of the City could not have asked for anything more,5
677, December 2019,False advertisement,Our room was advertised as a suite and the space was a box. Hotel had extra charges in addition to airbnb rate but we knew nothing about it. It would be better if they include this information on the booking page,3
678, December 2019,Row nyc very dirty,"Dirty sock found in the floor, used bandaid and q-tip behind the trash can, big hairs in the covers, homeless shelter on the bottom floors, was forced to pay $40 a night for WiFi that we did not want or use, only one outlet worked, flipped breaker when hairdryer was turned on, not enough water pressure to get the soap out of your hair, just to name a few!",1
679, August 2019,Post-Camp Travels,"Facilities are excellent, clean and in a prime location being close to Times Square. Staff could have been more friendly as we waited an hour to check in and they were rude to us once we finally did. Was cheaper to book from UK than in the US. Good and efficient airport shuttle service, despite charge.",4
680, December 2019,Dreadful,"Appalling foyer experience - more like a tube station at rush hour. Huge queue at check-in. Lift access difficult and everyone barging each other. Room small, dirty, noisy, inadequate. Interconnecting door, oh dear, to a noisy family of at least 3 people. Wardrobe is an alcove with a nylon curtain. Paid for four nights, left after one.",1
681, December 2019,Not my best trip.,The hotel was obviously busy at this time of year and I have stayed at the hotel in the past which was a much better experience. The room was clean but tired and needs renovation. The constant drone of an extraction fan was just outside my room by the window whilst the constant flow of people coming out of the lift was opposite my door. On my last night the lift was broken which caused chaos! Having waited for over half an hour with a large crowd of fellow guests I ask if I could walk to the 26th floor but was informed by staff that the stairs are out of bounds. I finally got back to my room over an hour later which is a first for me. On a plus the staff were good and the location is great to get around NYC.,2
682, December 2019,Disappointing Stay,"I came to New York from the Midwest in December 2019 for a conference. I had been to NYC several times before - in December even - and this is the most crowded it has ever been in memory. The ROW was entirely booked, so for 3 nights, the price was much higher than anticipated (~$920). If I was traveling for more leisure purposes, I would not have booked (would've looked for an AirBnB), but I needed the central location to attend a conference in Times Square. In summary, these are my ""pros"" of the ROW: 1) Great location. Can walk to most highlights of Manhattan. 2) The City Kitchen is a nice feature for late-night or early-morning food. This is a more premium food court on the lobby-level of the hotel. ""Cons"" 1) Price. 2) Check in was extremely slow, as was catching an elevator",2
683, December 2019,Not impressed,I am not impressed with the cleanliness or lack there of in our room.There’s some type of stain around the head board near the pillows. The rooms are tight. & I hate the elevator system. Great location.,1
684, December 2019,Weak,Wasn't clean at all cleaning employees were so loud and noisy in the day time. I could not able to sleep. breakfast wasn't good at all.elevator was so complicated.moreover I didn't have internet access in the room !,1
685, December 2019,Run down and dirty.,Sadly this hotel has greatly declined. I would not stay here again. My room had visible mold and the front end staff were rude and argumentative. Gym equipment was broken and not maintained. The female bartender was extremely unaccomodating.,1
686, December 2019,Heating/AC Unit was super loud and was difficult to sleep.,"Since we have stayed in the this hotel numerous times and recommended it to our friends I expected more from our stay. Our friends received FREE room upgrade, (their first stay due to our recommendation and they had a quiet heating/AC unit) and we had a room with a super loud heating/AC unit. Didn’t get much sleep.",3
687, December 2019,Junior at front desk is amazing!,When we first checked in it was a really long line which sucked but then we spoke to ju ior at the front desk and he made it much more pleasant .. he was very welcoming to us canadiens and offered free breakfast vouchers. Room was good size and very clean. 8 min walk to times square which was very convenient. They held our bags for a few hours the day we were leaving so we could go shopping. Great experience,5
688, December 2019,"Great Location, Kind Staff","We always stay at the Row when we want to catch a show. Kind staff. Be prepared for long lines when checking in, which is my only complaint. Pre check in was not working when we were there and they removed the iPad kiosks to retrieve room keys to avoid the lines.",4
689, December 2019,Great hotel in theater district and time square,"Great hotel in the heart of the theater district and Times Square. Clean rooms, great service from everyone. Second time staying and will definitely stay again when I’m back in New York City. Great value, too!",5
690, December 2019,Christmas New York weekend,"I have no clue why this hotel has had bad reviews All hotel amenities and facilities were excellent Check in staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful All hotel staff so friendly . Our room was perfect , good size for any New York hotel, Very comfy bed , excellent linens Bathroom was perfect, good bath and shower Plenty of closet space, I highly recommend this hotel Close to all attractions within walking distance to good bars and restaurants",5
691, December 2019,First Time Visitor.,"Our first visit to New York we chose the right hotel! Arrived a little early but receptionist upgraded us to a superior room on the 21st floor , A good welcome. 2 mins to Times sq! What a location. Lovely staff,cleaners,security and porters most helpful. Hotel was very clean and room was cleaned every day. Lifts were no problem and the location of the hotel meant we had time visit everywhere we wanted. A massive thanks to TATES TRAVEL of Sunderland....JET2 for a wonderful flight and all at ROW HOTEL NYC. We will be back. Peter and Valerie Richard's.",5
692, December 2019,Painter,"Hotels location in perfect easy access and clean price is also affordable will stay again.Close to Central Park Times Square just a block away,and breakfast places right around the corner.East River within a few blocks we felt very safe while walking at all hours.",5
693, December 2019,Worth a visit,"Convenient to theaters and transportation; staff is professional; updated and clean rooms, showers good; beds comfortable and heat/cool system good; price reasonable. Need to improve computer access in rooms. Start carrying New York Times paper in shop.",4
694, December 2019,Great location,"When ever I travel to New York I always use the row. Location is fabulous, staff is very nice. One strange thing is they don’t have service in the bar you have to go to the bar and get your own drink but that’s not the worst problem. Bartenders are very nice. Ok When ever I travel to New York I always use the row. Location is fabulous, staff is very nice. One strange thing is they don’t have service in the bar you have to go to the bar and get your own drink but that’s not the worst problem. Bartenders are very nice.",5
695, December 2019,Great Hotel Stay!,Loved the location-close to the theaters and Times Square-and the energy in the lobby of the hotel. The rooms were very clean and the modern decor was refreshing! We will definitely stay at The Row again.,5
696, December 2019,Family trip,"Took our son to New York for college graduation. We had separate rooms as hotel rooms are small for 4 people Thanks Row NYC! We did enjoy our trip as this was the first time we have been to New York, we even got snow!!!",4
697, December 2019,Don’t have high hopes if you stay here,"When we checked in the woman at the desk was on her cell phone the whole time she checked us in. The elevators were extremely slow and very small so they didn’t hold very many people at once. This causes quite a backup, especially when people are checking in or out with luggage. This is a very basic hotel with small rooms, so if you don’t mind staying in a place that reminds you of a college dorm or youth hostel, then it’s the place for you. They have security near the elevators at night to make sure only hotel guests use them and the location in the city is close to places visitors might want to see.",2
698, December 2019,Average hotel which feels more motel than hotel,"Provides a clean bed but little more. It is very tired and very very busy with check-in taking 20 mins. Just be aware that security (at one time 3 security staff) staffed the lifts on ground floor in the evening as the lifts were not secure – which was good but I found it disconcerting that on our floor we had security knocking on some doors to rooms. I never found out why. Bed was comfy but cleanliness of room was “borderline”. Bathroom was in serious need of an overhaul and bathroom sliding door (has gaps on both ends) so it isn’t exactly that private. The lifts are ridiculous - small, busy and a wait of 15 mins in the morning to get down as people aren't told how the lifts work (so instead of pressing the button 5 times for a family of 5, people press once, so 1 lift stops",1
699, December 2019,What a relief!!!!!,"Booked the hotel because of the location without really looking at the reviews. When I did look at the reviews some good, some bad and some very bad. I started to panic as this was a 50th birthday holiday. So much so I phoned the tour company I’d organised it with to cancel the hotel. Mostly because of the reviews but also because I’d already paid £995.00 for 5 nights only to find out it would be another £150.00 in “resort tax”. Which basically is WiFi and use of the gym. WiFi should be a basic part of the hotel not charged for and the gym? Who’s going to use a gym when you are visiting New York??? You can do that at home. Anyway I found out I could cancel but in the small print I’d lose the full £995.00. So it was tough and I’d have to take my chance. We arrived at the check",4
700, November 2019,Disappointed,"Hotel was good location but basic amenities in the room and it needs a refurbishment. The most disappointing thing has been that they tried to charge $360 on check in fortunately this was booked as a package so we could prove no money owed, given this information the receptionist denied trying to charge us extra. On check out we was given a receipt stating no monies out, however a further £98 from my account and took the temporary hold money. I have emailed 4 times and had no response it is currently being investigated with visa. A sad ending to what was a great holiday!",2
701, December 2019,Three (not four) star hotel,"This is a 3 star hotel, not 4 as Priceline indicated. Our room was very, very small. The bathroom was tiny! There were no amenities, such as coffee/tea in the room. The cover on our ceiling light was missing. The elevators were strewn with trash upon our arrival. But...it’s a great location near Times Square.",3
702, December 2019,Still a great hotel 8 years running,"The Row. customer service, hotel workers , security, bartenders, baggage department all go above and beyond to make a stay rememberable in a good way. If traveling by bus hotel just two blocks from terminal .",5
703, December 2019,Great location,Great service and location was perfect. I will stay here again and recommend this hotel to friends & family. Time Square was around the corner. Restaurants around the hotel are good and walking distance.,5
704, December 2019,Disappointing return visit,"Good things first. The bed was comfortable. That's about it. The rest was an appalling experience. The room was tiny and overheated. The hotel was teeming with people, the elevators are a joke, the public areas are scruffy, dim and sad, the bar is worse than useless. Someone went out of their way to make this place unappealing, inhospitable and vile. They succeeded. It's almost as if they're deliberately running it into the ground. I've stayed here a few times before and while the experience was always low rent, it was nonetheless convenient and reasonable value for money. This time it worked out at an average of $300 a night largely because of the extras. What really annoyed me was the lack of transparency over these. The headline rate was about $225 but when NY State tax, NY",2
705, December 2019,a comfortable stay in Manhattan,Hotel location is very good. Comfortable place with nicely accompanied bar and food court. I would like to come back when I need another business or vacation trip to New York. My room was more than adequately furnished and clean. Internet service is adequate.,4
706, December 2019,Not a four-star hotel horrible management MEND,Could not sleep for the first day and a half( do to horns and sirens ) manager told me she would send up air plugs or I feel free to book another property. Her name was MEND. This was the worst experience I’ve had with a hotel manager. She didn’t even have a business card and when I asked her for a pen she threw a hissy fit.This definitely is not a four-star hotel. Caters to Europeans who Not to repeat business. There’s two bouncers in the lobby. The rooms had the radiator is laying on the floor. Would love to upload the pictures of earplugs and dirty room. Will be trying to contact general manager to get back my first days moni not to repeat business. There’s two bouncers in the lobby. The rooms had the radiators laying on the floor. Would love to upload the pictures of,1
707, October 2019,Additional cost that hadn't been mentioned before check-in,"Additional cost that hadn't been mentioned before check-in. It was a surprise in the last morning before check-out, when my card was charged for additional ""service costs"". No info about that had been provided - neither on booking, nor on check-in desk. The room was clean, andthe hotel is okay.",3
708, December 2019,"Ok, based on location and price.",Location is good and the price ok based on being located where it is. Check in takes forever because the hotel has to little personal working and the WiFi was terrible. The bathrooms are in big need of renovation.,3
709, December 2019,Great value,"Hotel is located in a fantastic spot. Close to attractions, shopping, food and public transportation. Rooms are small, but clean and adequate. Price is excellent for NYC properties. Staff was exceptional. Computer system for check in, a bit iffy.",4
710, January 2019,Be careful where your room is located!,"I've stayed at this hotel multiple times now - still love its location, convenience, etc. BUT....this time our room was located right by the elevators and there were people making noise in the hall will into the morning hours. It was impossible to sleep. Recommendation: check where your room is located!",4
711, December 2019,Christmas visit and Broadway Show,Perfect location to visit NYC at Christmas. Our annual visit to New York City. We saw a Broadway Show and many Christmas attractions. Hotel was accommodating with holding our luggage before check in-and after check out. Definitely be back at the ROW,5
712, December 2019,Choose the ROW.... very nice hotel!!!,Have stayed three times in 2019. Will again book a room here in 2020 when we visit NYC. GOOD VALUE AND CLEAN AND GREAT LOCATION FOR TIMES SQUARE AREA. Don’t forget to visit downtown NYC also... quite a lot to do there too!,5
713, December 2019,NYC,"Great hotel, brilliant location so close to Time Square. Will be coming back to Row NYC next year for sure. Day of check in, Junior was very friendly and made the experience so much better. Continental breakfast was great also.",5
714, December 2019,Row NYC Hotel,Good location in midtown. Lots of restaurants choices nearby. Close to Subway stops and good location for Broadway theater. Have stayed here many times and signed up for their email special room rates,5
715, December 2019,Great location - hotel not so great,"Just arrived back from Row NYC. Had a fantastic time - the city is AMAZING, hotel was not. First impressions weren't great - we were exhausted after our journey but still had to queue for 40 minutes to check in. Our room although small was acceptable as all we needed to do was sleep there but it was really not clean. There was rubbish under the bedside table, long-established dust behind the sliding bathroom door and various marks and smears on the walls. A good deep clean is needed. Perhaps it would be easier to maintain if the hotel were to have a long overdue refurbishment as it is 'tired'. On our final day our suspicions were confirmed when we overheard the housekeeping staff talking about one of the guests in a room near to ours smoking marijuana. We thought we had",2
716, December 2019,Good value and decent rooms,"This is the second time we stayed at the Row in NYC. This hotel offers great value, the rooms are small but clean and modern. The hotel bar has quick service and the ""kitchen"" with lots of different reasturants to pick from was a bonus. The only negative was that the check-in process took too long in my opinion.",4
717, December 2019,Horrendous Hotel,"DO NOT stay at this hotel. On arrival we were put into a room that was a corner room and was freezing cold. Our bathroom smelt of urine and had mould and the room itself had not been cleaned. After complaining we were moved. The 2nd room was cleaner than the first but still very dirty. Marks on doors, walls and bedside lockers. On our final night all four printers were not working for printing our boarding passes. 1st male attendant at the desk was in no way helpful or polite. 2nd lady was a lot more helpful and completed our printing for us. The price for this hotel is extortionate for what you get. Do yourself a favour Pay the extra few pound and stay in a more decent cleaner hotel.",1
718, December 2019,"Amazing location , great hotel.","Just back from a fabulous stay here . I don't understand the negative comments. On arrival we were checked in . Very friendly and informative. Gave us all the information about the hotel and the lifts etc . Lifts - never waited more than 2 minutes Rooms- clean, comfy bed , the room maids were so polite and chatty as we left our room each morning . Lovely ladies. I found the room warm but then I do wear pjs to bed . My husband and son were fine in there underwear! I did wake a few times but the room is easily cooled quickly with the air conditioning. Loads of places to eat close. Starbucks next door , Junior's around the corner and just across the road down the side of Shake Shack a dollar slice pizza place. Close to Port Authority and all subway connecting stations.",5
719, December 2019,SATISFIED CUSTOMER,"Junior, the gentleman that helped us check in late at night was wonderful. The concierge, Anita, helped us on a couple of occasions and was very patient and knowledgeable about New York sights and tickets to shows. Location and friendliness of staff insure we will stay there again!",5
720, December 2019,New York for Christmas,"Great Location and price wasn't bad. Only thing was the fire alarm went off late at night and this happened to us last year as well. Otherwise, great place. Clean. Can walk to everything (except Freedom Tower) to see all the Christmas decorations.",5
721, December 2019,"Awesome experience, great stay!",Hotel was both clean and cool. The design of the hotel was very appealing and the layout was very simple. Bar had great food and drink options and all of the service staff were exceptional. Definitely recommend for an uncomplicated and relaxed stay.,5
722, December 2019,Terrible Hotel,This hotel was awful. I hated it. Bad. Don’t go here. Save yourself. Sooo bad. Did not like this hotel. Bad. It smelled like rotten cheese doodles. Gross. It made me unhappy. The hotel was so unbelievably horrendous that I almost vomited. Row row row yourself out of here.,1
723, December 2019,Great !,"We had a great girls trip staying at the row. The room was small and the bathroom was tiny, but it was a pleasant stay nonetheless. Everyone was super friendly, helpful and very interested in making our stay great! We will definitely stay again if we go to NYC!",5
724, December 2019,Look elsewhere,"Other than location, nothing positive to speak of. Also way overpriced. Staff is busy having side personal conversations in the middle of dealing with customers. Manager never offered solutions to billing issues encountered.",1
725, December 2019,Row Away,not good much improvement needed - better communication needed- better customer service consistent effort needed the rooms should be checked to make sure everything work and you shouldn't have to ask three times to get a resolution,1
726, December 2019,Outstanding,"After reading some of the reviews on here I was slightly worried but how wrong were these reviews! I guess you can't please everybody. We arrived early evening, there was a que for check in but within due course we were seen to by a friendly member of staff ,who checked us in and explained all information to a satisfactory level. Now we had a red room on floor 16 the size was great I mean your in Newyork your not there to spend time in your room there's so much to see and do and that comes to the hotels location absolutely spot on in walking distance of alot of things to do other than that you have the bus station and the tube on your door step or just jump in cab. Now we didn't sample the food in the hotel so I can't comment on that but we did spend time in the bar area",5
727, December 2019,Superb,"Stayed here last week, can’t beat the location literally round the corner from Times Square! We had really good experiences with the staff at both check in & District M - we had a free upgrade on arrival! We had a lovely room with 2 windows with city view & the beds were incredibly comfy. Yes the bathrooms are small but it didn’t bother us! It was clean and modern and it was amazing to be out all day to come back to a freshly made bed and fresh towels everyday. The power went out one morning and when we rang they said they’d sort it but it wasn’t when we came back later so we rang again and it was quickly sorted out so maybe there can be improvement with communications? Also the lifts can be slow at busy times but you just have to be patient - at times it said there was no",5
728, December 2019,Pillow Gate,"We stayed here in December 2019 for 4 nights. We had been recommended the hotel by a travel agent due to its location, sadly that was the only good point. We had arrived after a long day travelling and went to check in. We waited for about ten minutes as there were only two members of staff, the lady serving then walked away and another female member of staff replaced her, we were “greeted” by her with a I cant be bothered attitude as if it was an inconvenience we were there, she was too busy listening to what was happening with the guests next to us. She checked us in and when we enquired about getting help with our luggage, she rolled her eyes and said I doubt it. She rang for some help and said someone is coming and she just walked away. The gentleman who helped with",2
729, October 2019,"Small, Dirty and Inhospitable","This is the second time we tried this hotel - mainly due to its location to the theater district. Rooms this time were very small (no closet) and dirty. Really need to clean the carpets and spend some time in the corners in the bathrooms. Terrible experience in the lobby bar. Not friendly, would let us have a table to play cards and drink. Really rude. Management was no help either.",2
730, December 2019,"Small rooms, comfortable beds, subpar service","The room was very small, but the beds were comfortable. Valet and bellman were non-existent at arrival causing one of us to sit in the car for 30 minutes while the other had to chase down a manager to advise on parking and locate a cart to unload our car. When checking out we waited 45 minutes for the bellman to come upstairs to get our luggage and even that required 3 phone calls.",3
731, December 2019,Great location but shoddy deluxe room,The location was amazing and that’s what you are paying for. The beds were comfortable but the cleanliness of the room was poor. Make sure you ask about additional taxes before you book as I was hit with an additional $459 on departure,3
732, April 2019,very good but some small rooms,"me and a friend stayed here in April for 10 nights, the hotel is amazing, the location is directly where we wanted to be, literally in walking distance to everything. as this was our first trip to NYC, the staff were pleasant, friendly and very knowledgeable. the only downfall was our room, we were in a superior room but the room we were in didn't feel like a superior room as it was quite small and tight, the bathroom was the size of cubical,could only fit one person in there at any time. other than that i cannot fault the hotel its self as there facilities were good the gym was quite small but not to busy at any given time so easily accessible. the hotel security was really in good in saying that you were not aloud to the lifts (elevators) unless you showed them your room",4
733, December 2019,Glitzy Ad all fascade,Very unprofessional and discourteous staff— from front desk to the district M waitstaff. The automatic check in kiosk to collect room key “ apparently has been broken for weeks”. There is no regular door for the bathroom— only a slide door with gaps. Hallways dirty! Don’t waste money by staying here.,1
734, December 2019,The Spirit Airlines of Hotels,"I worked in hotels for over four years and have stayed in every hotel in the spectrum. I have never experienced anything this bad. First of all, don't try to call the front desk, they will just hang up on you. I tried calling before my stay to see if I could get an early check in and never got though. Once I got there, the line to check in was super long The front desk agents look and sound miserable. You're obviously a big hotel, for the love of God, staff like it. There is no reason to only have two front desk agents at 9 am on a Friday. I tried calling from my room because the door to my room didn't close unless I pulled it closed. Not great when you're a single woman traveling alone. They didn't answer the phone then either. I decided to suffer in silence because",2
735, December 2019,Great Location!,The location of this hotel was perfect! It allowed us to walk to Times Square within minutes. We definitely enjoyed the overall stay here! We were a bit disappointed on the size of our room but overall we were satisfied with the services available and breakfast!,4
736, December 2019,Ideal location.,"Before we arrived, I had read some very mixed reviews but I shouldn’t have worried. We had a lovely stay here at the beginning of December and found all the staff very helpful. Our room was on the 21st floor so we weren’t aware of street noises. Our son and his wife were on the 11th floor which was probably a little bit noisier but that’s part of being in New York! We asked for more pillows for our bed and received an extra four very promptly. We would be more than happy to stay here again.",4
737, December 2019,"Clean, Safe and Great location","This is our second stay here. It is a great hotel for a reasonable price right in Times Square. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. The only issue we had was with the elevators, but that seems minor.",5
738, December 2019,Overall good experience,"Hotel location was ideal, staff at check in was great professional and friendly. Room cleaned every day fresh towels only issue was no kettle breakfast not much to choose from same thing every day although it was nice was boring. Would stay again and recommend .",4
739, December 2019,I wouldn't recommend,We didn't get the rooms we reserved & paid for. Check-in staff was rude. Guest services & housekeeping was understaffed. Our family trip was absolutely wonderful with one exception - our hotel. I would pay more to stay somewhere else.,2
740, November 2019,Worth it for a quick trip!,"Check this place out! It's got an awesome location and the people are friendly and the rooms are clean. It's exactly what you need for a quick trip to the city. When we checked in, the front desk upgraded us without us even asking. We got an amazing view of the city and we loved every minute of it.",4
741, November 2019,SLEEP WITH THE MOLD AT THE ROW,Stay Someplace Else IN A Clean Room This Room Had Mold IN The Bath Room.THE Dust Was Thick Under The desk and on top of the tile ledge in the bath room. Room was very dated and should be brought up to date. Like i said early in this review 6 years ago i would have gave a great review.But in six years this place has gone down hill.,1
742, December 2019,Fantastic Service.,Loved our stay and would thoroughly recommend to others. Very friendly staff who bend over backwards to help you and make sure your stay is comfortable. Ideal location with plenty to see and do right at your doorstep.,5
743, December 2019,I loved everything but.....,"The customer service. Everything else was great. We requested 2 additional blankets because our AC/heater broke (it was roughly midnight and it would shoot out frigid cold air then smelled like something burning and then back to frigid cold air - it would also not turn off) and it took 1.5 hours and 5 phonecalls to get them. Also, don’t send an “engineer” in the middle of the night to fix or question us that it is in fact broken - either give us the blankets or another room.",2
744, December 2019,Christmastime in NYC!,"The hotel was in the perfect location. Staff was great. Will absolutely stay here again! I have nothing negative to add to the review as many others have done. Our stay was perfect. The hotel is located right in the heart of restaurants, shopping, Time square!",5
745, December 2019,Don't waste your money,"Actual hotel rooms do not look like pictures. They seem to be constantly understaffed, check-in took 45 minutes. Never replied to emails I sent them. When I checked out they didn't even ask how my stay was.",1
746, December 2019,Very Disappointed,My first impression of this hotel when arrived was not very good. It was very dark inside and not a very pleasant welcome. I travelled from UK and to arrive to something that I just didn’t want to stay was not good. The bathroom was horrible too. I just didn’t feel safe here and was so glad when I left.,1
747, December 2019,Good hotel,"The place was clean, very busy area though, but fun. There was wait times to get on the elevators at times to get to our room. I would recommend this hotel but it is a very busy area on Friday and Saturday nights as iti s located near Times Square.",3
748, December 2019,Extra tax,"Bit surprised when we got home to find $150 charge on our credit card for local tax - hadn't been warned by our travel company - it wasn't a cheap holiday either, so very shocked and disappointed at this extra cost- plus thought the staff were very rude at the bar, only went the once didn't go again !! So be warned about these hidden taxes.",3
749, December 2019,"Location, location, location","This hotel has potential but lacks in some areas. I cannot say enough great things about the location. Easy walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, 5th Ave, restaurants, shops, food carts etc. The 42 Port Authority Subway station is a block away as well. this part was fabulous. I booked 3 nights on booking.com, 2 double beds with a city view and felt like it was pretty pricey. Friday and Saturday are more or course but still averaged out to $500 per night. Supposedly, breakfast was included but it was never mentioned at check in. In fact, we were given no information at check in, which brings me to the bad. The front desk staff were extremely rude. The check in lines were long and most guests appeared agitated. We arrived at 1pm and did an early check",3
750, December 2019,Great location and staff,"The location of the hotel was great...the staff was very friendly, and they made my stay unbelievable. I would definitely stay there again. The ""assigned"" elevators...excellent. I loved having an elevator assigned to a few floors...very cool!",5
751, December 2019,Functional with great location,"Location: Easily accessible to times square, subway, hells kitchen, fast food and hop on/off bus, Room and Amenities: Ordered a superior room on 11th floor - was a double bed (not queen) in a small but manageable room with view of 8th av. Clean and tidy. Shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, lotion, 2 x collapsible water bottles and 2 x plastic cups provided. Drinking water and Ice facilities on each floor. No Tea or Coffee making facilities :( Daily fee was required on arrival - wifi worked well and was able to make domestic phone calls as included. Staff: Front staff were rude and difficult to communicate with throughout our stay. Particularly disappointed with the level of disdain and rudeness afforded to us on multiple occasions for simple queries and on check in. Security,",3
752, November 2019,Poor,"I thought when I made my reservation, I thought I paid amount in full. But when I checked in I had to pay an e tra 444.00. Hated having to go downstairs just to get coffee. As I mentioned earlier long checkin lines",2
753, December 2019,It doesn’t look like the pictures online!,"This was our first visit to New York so obviously we didn’t spend a lot of time in the room unless it was to sleep! When we arrived to check in we got told there will be a hold put on our card for tax etc which we were fine with paying, however staff members said to us they don’t see why we should pay the amount because the “WiFi is rubbish” there’s “dust everywhere” “the heaters sometimes don’t work” when you arrive at your accommodation it doesn’t sound promising when own staff members are saying this. We got told to complain so that we could have money taken off. We also got told to go back to the same person so they can take money off, we did return to that person who then acted oblivious to what they had said. We weren’t bothering about having the money taken off as usually",2
754, December 2019,This is NOT a 4 star hotel,"I paid for a 4 star hotel. On that measure my review should be zero. The Row NYC's biggest sin is that they are listed as a 4 star hotel. There are several 4 star hotels that I stay at nearby. Intercontinental, W, Crown Plaza. Just to name a few. Row NYC is not in the same league. My dissatisfaction is mainly to do with my room. No desk, no chair, tiny bathroom, tiny room, no central and NOISY heating / AC system in the window / wall that doesn't keep up. On the 2nd night I turned it off. It kept waking me up. Walls without appropriate soundproofing that the volume from next door guests came through. The guests weren't boisterous. They just talked and laughed. I could repeat actual conversations. One of the lamps in the room did not work. I expect room service at a 4 star",2
755, September 2019,Love this hotel.,"I had a wonderful stay while in New York at the Row NYC Hotel. Comfortable room, friendly staff, great location and a nice bar. The Check in was easy and the staff polite and pleasant. The hotel was secure and the people who assisted with baggage were the best.",5
756, December 2019,Row stay,Surprised how run down the hotel had become. Level of guests also seemed to be deteriorating. We complained that the bed was very uncomfortable and asked for a mattress pad. Told that there wasn't one. Could not sleep due to uncomfortable bed.,3
757, December 2019,Overpriced,"This hotel is dark and the rooms are tiny!! The bathrooms barely fit 1 person. I am 5'2"" and my knees practically touched the door. Check in staff were not friendly. No information in the room about the hotel or any amenities. Our room must have back up to the housekeeping closet because every morning at 5:30am it became very noisy with banging and talking. Housekeeping staff was very friendly in the hallways",1
758, November 2019,Great location - shame they hide some vital info,"This hotel is in a great location for getting out and about, transport choices etc so cant fault it for that. What I will comment on is the fact that the hotel are not open and honest about their policy of housing homeless people. I did contact the hotel prior to our visit after finding this out on some forums and they never even responded, Then i contact BA who lied about it. I have no issues by the way before anyone starts jumping down my throat about hotels housing the homeless, in fact it is a lovely kind idea but dont lie about it. We were informed that the homeless section was infact in a seperate building on top of the hotel. This is a lie. Floors 4 and seven are occupied with the homeless and we felt super vulnerable travelling as two single girls. The sights we seen",3
759, December 2019,Winter Vacation from Florida,"Came last week for four days to see shows, Central Park and Madison Square Garden. Had been to hotel when the Milford Plaza. Our thoughts were: Location- Great for shows, restaurants, Broadway. Check In- While we arrived before noon, they told us to come back later because we requested a higher room. No problem, we checked in around 3:15 pm. Staff- Don’t call them. They are rude and lack intelligence. One lady noted on the system that we were arriving at 11pm instead of 11 am. Dark corridors- yes it’s true but it didn’t bother us. We bought a small flashlight but didn’t need it. Room/Staff For the two of us, we had a deluxe room with a queen. Room small, tough to open luggage on floor. Similar to a standard room on cruise ship. Room was clean. Housekeeping excellent and",4
760, December 2019,My two nights,"Hotel served it's purpose. I stayed to be close to a class I was taking. I would not use this hotel again just for the fact that I felt it was overpriced for the quality of the room. It felt as though I was sleeping on the floor, the bed was so close to the ground. The room was clean, no problems with that. The room was so confining that it was like being in a closet. It was that small. $713 with 2- $35 facilities fees for two nights. The fees are for things such as wifi. Most other hotels include those things. Just my opinion",2
761, November 2019,"Modern, eclectic and convenient",We have stayed at ROW NYC several times and enjoy the location to several theaters and favorite restaurants. Plus during this trip we ate at the City Kitchen for the first time and found it to be perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch.,5
762, December 2019,Very low value,"The room is very basic, bathroom cluttered and unaccommodating. The bed is not comfortable. I really missed not having any hot drink stand and no breakfast. The staff at front desk were unhelpful and rude, I waited in line forever to check in. Two of the elevators were out of order, I waited btw 15-20 min every time I wanted to get up and down at night to my room. The cleaning and bell boy staff were very nice and helpful. I will never stay at this hotel again. No value for your money.",1
763, November 2019,Stay at Row Hotel,"The hotel is adequate at best. Not all the staff are cooperative. I had to change dates and they told me that all rooms are booked. I had to cancel and book again, when they still had availability. I would explore other options if I am visiting New York again.",3
764, December 2019,Room facility and Room type,Room was so expensive there in no facility if you spending 370 US Dollar. Rooms are very small also Ac not working properly it’s making sound & parking also expensive. Breakfast test is not good n breakfast also expensive,1
765, November 2019,Excellent base for Manhattan visitors,"For visitors to NYC arriving by bus from airports, dragging luggage, this is a really handy base just 3 blocks from Port Authority bus station. Immaculate, decent sized rooms (in context of NYC - i.e. less cramped than most!). Perfectly OK,if basic, continental breakfast facility on B&B basis - if you want to stoke up a bit for a day of sightseeing the attached 'City Kitchen' offers loads of choice at extra cost. Helpful staff - perfectly happy to let early, pre-check in time guests, to deposit luggage. Just one tip - turn down the heating in public areas of hotel guys - unnecessarily hot - help save the planet!",5
766, November 2019,"Great Location, But...","The ROW NYC's location is great -- near Times Square and Rockefeller Center. I was surprised, though, at how small the rooms were -- my room had a double (not queen) bed, and I couldn't open the door from the hall into the room without hitting the bed, and there was only about a foot between the bed and the wall on the other side. The closet was super-small and had no door, just a curtain. The hotel has tried to spruce up -- ""hip"" decor in the lobby and elevator lobbies on each floor, mural feature walls behind the bed, faux grasscloth on the walls -- but there's a lot to give away the age of the hotel, including old tile in the bathrooms (with REALLY bad caulking that looks like it was done by a 3-year-old) and majorly gouged/dinged-up molding around the doors and closet",2
767, December 2019,Never Ever Stay here.,"This place is dirty. The elevators, the hallways, everything. There was vomit, yes vomit by the elevators. The bar is dirty with limited food. You can go into the food court, but cannot bring it into the bar.",1
768, November 2019,Do not stay here!,There was no hot water for our 3day stay and the guest services was unreachable- we called and called but never got an answer or any help. Bathroom did not have heat. Heater in bedroom was very noisy. We have not been reimbursed or compensated in any way.,1
769, December 2019,Top Location close to Time Square,"Top Location Next to the Time Square, clean Hotel (room and bathroom), included breakfast was ok, check in was already possible at 1:30 PM, check out was possible at 2 PM which makes a Trip very comfortable",5
770, November 2019,"Nice position but very, very noisy","Very good location in the heart of the theatres, everything within a short walk from the hotel and plenty places for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Can’t fault the cleanliness of the room or the staff with the exception of lobby bar, all excellent. Biggest problem was the noise of the street and the lifts 🥴but I suppose that’s the price for being in the centre of it all. If you want a central location just take some ear plugs 👻",3
771, November 2019,My view,"Overall,overrated hotel. When departing I could not check out at the express, the lady at the counter assisted and asked me if I would like an email receipt, which I NEVER received...... I was upgraded to something I didn't ask for, and did not get what I did ask for, and was told upon check in, it's all we have left. Called the front desk several times over the 2 day stay, no answer...... I booked a Deluxe King Room, only to be put a suite with queen bed for a ton of extra money..... Breakfast that I had prepaid for ending up costing $34..... Basically, I paid a lot of money for what I feel was not worth it. I was told I could not change rooms due to booking. I could have had a better room at the Comfort Inn just down the street.......",3
772, December 2019,Been here many times,"Modern rooms, busy place always clean in the heart of Times Square close to everything including port authority so you get to jersey or anywhere else easily. Staff is helpful. Bar is quite nice in evenings",5
773, December 2019,Never again,"We asked for a quiet room. The clerk said that New York is a noisy city. The room he gave us was probably one of the noisiest since it was a corner room overlooking a very busy intersection. After two sleepless nights we asked to be moved. We were told they would move us but we had to vacant the room we were in by 9 and the new room would be ready at 4. When we returned at 4:30 to pick up our new key we were very surprised that they gave us back the same room! How stupid can you be? It took another half hour before they found us another room,. The clerk gave us the new key and didn't even offer an apology. Rude. This room was much quieter but there were only 2 towels. We called guest services number on the in room telephone but no one answered. We tried again a hour or so later",2
774, December 2019,"Noise complaints, leaky room, how Row turned it around","Overall great experience. We had 2 incidents, one night when a our drunk neighbors woke us up 3 times: 1:30am, 3:30am and 4:30am. We called security 1st time, someone came up and the couple got more load and disruptive. It egged them on. The walls of the rooms are very thin and the door separating the rooms. We had a king sized bed on the 26th floor. Do not recommend. Then we tried to call the night manager (it's routed to off-shore) and they wouldn't connect us and sent us to automated voicemail to make a complaint. I called the last time (I'm pregnant) and got security to come. They went to speak to them and tried to call us too, being more disruptive. Worst night ever. Long story the night manager wasn't aware of this and if he was the neighbors would have been kicked out.",4
775, December 2019,"Beware the $40 per night ""resort fee""",Stayed here for 5 nights with my wife to see the sights of NYC. Location wise it is great- right in the middle of everything. We waited at least half hour to be checked in- seems very little urgency with the staff who weren't overly friendly. We were very surprised to be told there was a $40 per night resort fee to be paid on top of the bill. On asking what this is for it seems its for their WiFi (which I found patchy and unreliable) and discounts in their restaurant- oh and access to a water fountain on each floor. This fee is compulsory apparently and not well publicised- it was in the small print on Expedia where we booked. The room was ok- small and more like a travel lodge/premier Inn for those of us from the UK. In hindsight given that we have been stitched up with,3
776, November 2019,Great place for the price,"This was a great location, within about 20 minutes walking distance to just about everywhere we wanted to go. The room was surprisingly large, with a decent view. We enjoyed pizza at the bar, and a crab roll from the food hall.",5
777, December 2019,Bad,I booked this property at the last minute through a third party. Stayed here before so know location was good. Arrived past midnight after delayed flights etc so was quite tired to say the least. Check-in was blah. The agent was not interested in me as a guest but chatting with her colleague while I was trying to get my room! Never had that before! My room had absolutely no view but a back something. Couldn’t even figure out what it was so just kept the Bali ads down. Bathroom was so tiny. The next day housekeeping doesn’t even give me a bath mat! The AC was so bloody loud I didn’t have a restful night at all and I was here for work! The elevators were not working.. no signs anywhere just shuttling everyone to their service elevators which of course took some time to get to my,1
778, December 2019,Great Location,A nice hotel in a great location for Broadway shows at a reasonable price.Our stay included breakfast and that was enjoyable and convenient.We were there for a broaday show that was just around the corner. The hotel is within walking distance of Penn station.,5
779, December 2019,December visit,"I’ll try to keep this as brief as possible I think I may have been inclined to give 4* if didnt wait for 25 mins at the check in desk, 5-10 mins of that was just stood there waiting for them to say something after taking our details. $40 per night tax $100 security deposit on credit card Room is small ... stayed at riu plaza and felt that room was small but liveable- if dont like small spaces - not for you Bath with shower over top Not much storage space Iron and board. Hair drier. No plug by side of bed. No kettle or tea/coffee facilities Room was kept clean and didn’t use safe Location was great and central. Subways nearby and 1 Avenue from Times Square. Didn’t have breakfast included. McDonald’s pret and loads other things near by that not expensive",3
780, November 2019,"Great location, overly priced and very poor standard","Location is unbelievable. When it comes to the rooms they need a lot of work and a paint job. Heating system is terrible sounds like a Jumbo jet that comes on at all hours in the night when not being used, to make it worse then it takes about 20 minutes of blowing cold air out to actually heat up the room. This was my second time staying here and couldn’t have recommend a better hotel after this year I realized the standard had dropped majorly.",1
781, November 2019,Extremely Basic,"The best thing this hotel has going for it is the location. Its is right beside Times Square and also Hells Kitchen for nice bars and restaurants. Reception staff were not the most welcoming, the gentleman checking us in passed a comment under his breath about another guest checking in beside us. Not very professional. We opted for an upgraded room to a city view. This was a complete disappointment, the rooms was absolutely tiny and was barely a city view room. We were placed on the 10th floor, so was really more of a top of the roof view room. Was not worth the upgrade in my opinion. This was my fifth time in NYC and i know rooms are generally small but this room was tiny. In Ireland this hotel would be the equivalent of an Ibis Budget brand hotel. The bed was really",3
782, July 2019,4th Of July,"Very clean rooms, a bit on the small side but didn’t bother us, even had a bath tub so we soaked our feet after a long day touring around NYC. Excellent location. Great eateries & restaurants in hotel. Great value",5
783, November 2019,Returning week in november,"Great location. Friendly staff. Personal feel. Returning customer, and was upgraded this year . Stayed 6 days with my son. Always a pleasant enjoyable experience ! Made new friends at the bar, this year granted the daily Prosecco deal, which made us stay and listen to live music. Great and friendly staff !",5
784, November 2019,LOCATION GREAT - BEWARE MOBILE CHECKOUT,The room was only ok. We stayed in a Superior Queen and we're lucky we did as I dread to see the even smaller standard room. You wouldn't be able to swing a cat. I know NYC rooms are not the biggest anyway so this was not a complete deal breaker as I wasn't expecting it to be huge. However the room was so warm. On the first night that we arrived I turned down the temp and the fan was extremely loud which was not ideal but on my return to the room I noticed this just went off by itself while I was out and the room was roasting again. We resorted to opening a window slightly to keep the temp down as the fan was not reliable but again if you're a light sleeper bring some ear plugs as you will hear all of the outside noise as well as other fans attached to other rooms. The elevators,3
785, November 2019,Great location,"This hotel is in a great location . Reception staff not very welcoming, why are they working front desk , on arrival you want to be greeted with a friendly smile . Lifts quite a good system you press the floor you want , then your allocated a lift . Rooms we upgraded all I can say is this is a very basic room in England , the room was dirty as was the bathroom , staff would be sacked in England . Beds very comfortable. I wouldn’t like to stay in this hotel if I was a single traveller on several occasions we were in lifts with the homeless how do I know this as they got out on the floors 4 -7 where you could see lots of people congregating around what looked like a kitchen . On our last evening which was thanksgiving we encountered a man who we had seen before in the lift",3
786, November 2019,Location is central to Midtown,"Room's are fair sized for a remodel hotel. 5 day stay and around day 4 the burned out light in the room was replaced. Housekeeping staff was very helpful in trying to make the bath towels frsh , but wash cloths were only placed the 3rd and 4th day of the stay. House keeping service said they don't always get them to place.",4
787, November 2019,Location and room size best points,Noisy street someone had taped cardboard over window I presume due to street noise. air con noisy and would not cool room so was very stuffy. Breakfast poor selection only pastry/bagel/boiled egg but staff there lovely. Room large for NY. Location great near Times Square.,3
788, November 2019,Our recent stay was not good at all. Never enough towels on both of our stays. Not worth the money,Great location but that was about it. Never enough towels even when we asked for more they never brought them up to our room. Our room was not cleaned at all and price way too high for what you get. Not sure I would go back there,1
789, November 2019,Nice experience,Hotel was nice. A bit dark in the corridors. But nice lobby and very centrally located. Do have to say that we did not spend much time in the hotel. Rooms are quite small though. I had a premium room and i found it to be very small. I can't imagine what a standard room would be like. Also the bed was two single put together which was very uncomfortable did not like that at all. Other than that i have no complaints. Room was clean and staff was friendly.,3
790, November 2019,Central and Convenient,"The Row NYC was central and Convenient. The staff where kind, very helpful and Professional. We had an issue with noise from outside traffic etc the first 2 nights. The staff where amazing and moved us higher and this made all the difference and created us to have an amazing time in New York. Thank You the Row NYC",4
791, November 2019,NYC,The family and me had a great time... I forgot how expensive NYC was though but other than that we enjoy the lights and food and exclusive stores!! And also Junior at the front desk was excellence. When ever we come back I hope we get him again,5
792, November 2019,Family trip in a beautiful modern well-located hotel,"I spent an amazing time in NYC. I would recommend staying in this hotel due to its great location, the environment, the design, the comfortable beds and its heating. Perhaps the quadruple rooms are small but my family and I had a great time in this hotel and I would like to highlight the breakfast staff, very attentive and nice! As advice, at the door of the hotel, I would put more vigilance or avoid having so much commercial tourism because it is quite uncomfortable to enter and leave while you are interrupted countless times.",4
793, August 2019,A complete disaster,"I arrived at the hotel from a LONG West Coast flight around 5pm as I had a business meeting the next morning. I chose this location as I had stayed there previously with no issues, and the location was very central for my meetings. After checking in, I went to my room which smelled like fresh paint. Not thinking much about it, I put my suit in the closet. When I closed the closet door, I notice the paint smell became overwhelming, so I opened it again, and sure enough...the ENTIRE closet was freshly painted...as was my grey suit jacket (had a white streak of paint on the side). I immediately took it down to the front desk and told the woman (and elderly Puerto Rican woman) what had happened. She literally put on her glasses to look at the white paint on my jacket, as if I were",1
794, November 2019,Very Basic,"The queen bed room that I got was 4 feet bigger than the bed. This hotel is very basic. Not for a upscale experience. There was no light over the bath tub, the bathroom had a dungeon like feel because of the lack of light. There where over a hundred people trying to use the elevators all at once. You press your floor number in and others got onto your elevator, it was a mess.",3
795, November 2019,The Row!,"Great location and price and very CLEAN room!! Plenty of clean towels, friendly staff and delicious food available. No problem with late check-in or storage of bags on check-out day. Fun band in the lobby upon our weeknight arrival.",5
796, November 2019,Only Location,"It was bidded by the priceline with high price. Keep in mind that 4 star hotels of Manhatten are not what you expected. After reading the reviews, I was very frustrated to stay there. But it is not that bad. The location is on 8th Ave and 5 min walk to Time Square and Boradway. I was traveling with my daughter, so the location was important to me. But the beds are very low and uncomfortable, the rooms are tiny with the small window. The resort fee were charged around 40dollars per night without any water. After two nights, we moved to 4.5hotel where way higher sevice and facility by the lower resort fee. The lobby and bar are the fancies area in Row.",2
797, November 2019,Wow Row,"Excellent hotel. From check in to check out. Friendly hotel stuffs. They also have a holding bag service for free on the day you check out till 10pm on the same day. And the most important is the location. Hell Kitchen jus infront of the hotel, Tome Square 2 blocks away. You are in the heart of Manhattan NYC. Love it.",5
798, November 2019,"Decent Location, mediocre pricing",You can probably find better elsewhere if you look. The biggest perk is the location and proximity to the theatre district. We paid for upgrade and still couldn’t check in early. What a waste. Will not be back in a hurry!,3
799, November 2019,Good hotel,Holiday booked through virgin and I cannot fault the hotel from the check in until we left. Check in was swift and we received an upgrade - we had no problems with the lifts. Room was adequate and we had a view of the Hudson River. Excellent location literally a block from Times Square and all the broadway shows. Metro literally down the road - what a wonderful sightseeing trip!!!!!,4
800, November 2019,NYC'S hotel of conveneince.,"Very good accommodations at a fair price. The hotel is convenient to shopping, Broadway shows and restaurants. All venues are within walking distance. Hotel personnel are all professional, helpful and courteous",4
801, November 2019,Been here before and great place as ever.,Checked in at 5:30pm. No wait! Isn’t this prime time? And the night before Thanksgiving Day! Warm and friendly reception and check-in with Cathy. Yes! Warm and friendly in NYC! Got the room I reserved with a great city view!,5
802, November 2019,A hotel wearing a mask fit for Broadway,"Arrived at this hotel after a long journey and immediately thought it looked great! The reception was light and spacious and well manned. The staff were courteous and friendly. This opinion changed as soon as we entered the room and the mask was removed. The room was dirty and very poorly maintained, looking as though the hotels idea of a makeover was a splash of paint. broken décor in the bedroom, missing and unfinished sealant in the bathroom. Very loud air conditioning unit. The only plus for the bedroom was the very comfortable and large bed, unfortunately this was too big for the room. If this hotel was in the UK I am afraid it would be lucky to reach 3 star status. The elevator system did not work for the number of guests, never before have I had to wait 30 minutes for a",2
803, November 2019,"Location is great, service and maintenance not so much","The hotel has a cool appearance and is well located. By the way, the strong point and only reason for indication would be the location. Overall, the hotel needs urgent maintenance; the elevators took too long (one day we waited 20 minutes), I got stuck in one of them (precisely the H) because there was an iron door blocking the exit on the 9th floor, it took a long time to arrive and my parents, who are elderly, had to go up and down stairs more than once. I questioned the staff about this and the staff dismissed me saying they were running smoothly - clearly not the case. The hotel is very busy all the time, it feels like a club - the loud music and crowd of drunk people are not limited to a secluded environment, as the hotel has an open floor plan (which made me a bit insecure",3
804, November 2019,Great location but not great!,"After a long journey we were super excited to check in, after getting into our room I was extremely disappointed with the cleanliness of the room. Dusty, hair on bedside tables, bath not clean and the room was tiny. We asked to move and was grateful of an upgrade (this was better but still not great) I’m sorry to say that the staff don’t seem bothered at all and can come across rude and unhelpful. For a 4 star I would expect to be treated better and for the staff to take a concern and want to look after us. This hotel is far from 4 stars. In need of a refurbishment. The lifts are busy at times, this can be an hold up and the stairs smelt like a public toilet. The beds are very comfortable and the location is amazing. Value for money ok but nothing special if you are wanting the",2
805, November 2019,so disappointing,"I have never slept so poorly, been treated so badly by reception at a hotel, had luke- warm showers and been subject to false advertising before. I do not recommend this place unless paper thin walls and windows don't get in your way as you don't need an hour's sleep all weekend. And don't expect the evening entertainment that is advertised nightly as we only enjoyed that one of out of three nights of our stay. When questioned why their advertised offering didn't materialize, we simply got 'no, no entertainment tonight'. I now NYC is expensive, but i don't expect to be promised stuff that doesn't exist.",1
806, November 2019,Convenient Location,"We travelled as a family of four. The hotel was an ideal location for sights and shopping. Room was basic, but functional. Continental breakfast suffice and efficient. Disappointingly, was allocated a room on 8th floor - it was very noisy.",4
807, November 2019,Terrific bartender!,"Alan was delightful, and made our stay that much more enjoyable. The location is central, the food court is fun, the rooms small but fine. Good value. Minus one star because the electrical outlet next to the bed did not work, and the bathtub had mold around the edges.",4
808, November 2019,NYC in november!,"Very good hotel, great location, competent staff and of course Marcelo Del Col with his service grade 10! The hotel always offers a show, usually on Thursdays, very good! It also has a good gym, and for guests without their notebooks, the hotel has MAC destktops in its lobby!",5
809, November 2019,my new hotel for sure!,"I really enjoyed my stay here at Row NYC. fast and easy check in and check out. Helpful staff. Christina S. was kind and friendly at our check in. Rooms are on the smaller size, that's not a big deal. I did not come to NYC to stay in my room. Clean and comfortable and great location. what more do you need? also, go visit the District M and ask for Jennifer to be your server. She was so nice and personable.",5
810, November 2019,Not good,"Staffs are not friendly, including front desk check in staff. Concierge never picked up the call. They asked for tips directly when you put your luggage there after or before checking out. When I came back to the hotel and pick up my luggage and asked for restroom to change, they said because I dont have my key, i can use the restaurant’s bathroom instead, which was not pleasant at all. Never coming back to this hotel.",2
811, November 2019,Excellent location,"The location is excellent, the room are quite small, there no coffee in the rooms or in the lobby for guests, excellent personal service. At night the restaurant works as a bar, good ambient. The internet is fast.",5
812, November 2019,Great value and location,"Ron Greenberg One often sees web sites that skew what you actually find. In this case everything was far improved and a huge delight. We would not think of trying another hotel. It would be very difficult finding another hotel that matched the location, cleanliness and price.",5
813, November 2019,The fire extinguish doesnt work,One night was a problem with a fire. We dont receive any information until they ask us to return to the room by the speaker. I ask for information and they dont gave me any information. If were a really fire maybe i cant write this comment.,1
814, November 2019,very dissapointing,"the room was with defects - the bath and handle was broke and the toilet was dirty. we told the stuff about the defects but they didn't do anything about it. also, the bed is very small and not suitable for 2 persons. it's my 4th time in this hotel when the previous times were great. we will not comeback to this hotel.",1
815, November 2019,Great location.. upgrade required,"Hotel quite old.. we upgraded our room to a Superior before we arrived, would hate to see a standard room.. windows were draughty and need to be revealed! Lots more but I won’t be staying there again.. Best thing about hotel is location",1
816, November 2019,Review,"Hotels is good location for Time sq, hotel clean staff pleasant. You need to be aware of the facility tax of $40 a day, this I was unaware of. Dealt with professionally by duty manager. My tour operator was at fault as they failed to mention it. Rooms are small but as this was a fourth time in NYC which never sleeps so it’s ok just to crash after a busy day. Not very cheap to eat anywhere in NYC but opposite hotel was a Italian with good food and priced well also when you come out of hotel turn right and you will see an Irish pub, very very good value for food and drink. Will we stay in ROW again!!! Yes I think we will in 2010 👍",3
817, November 2019,"Great Location. Poor room, service, +Mysterious Charges","They try to make it easy for you to checkin/out/make your own key without talking to staff. Problem is, when you need staff - no one can be found. The hotel room is ok. Most hotel rooms in NYC will be small. The problem lies in that instead of actually rennovating, everything looks like they've just added a fresh coat of paint. Additionally, no one monitors the lobby, so lots of traffic in and out - and many not staying at the hotel. Lots of peddlers. Had additional fees for breakfast on my bill which we didn't use. 1 week later I'm still trying to get a refund.",1
818, November 2019,Review of Row New York Hotel,"Overall experience of Row New York was average. Staff were friendly and helped with any small issues we had quickly. The room itself had a great view, but it was extremely small with the bed taking up pretty much the entire space. Giving you little room to put your things down. It was fairly dirty round the sides of the room and there were places where the room needed to be patched up. It did come with a good safe, hair dryer, iron and ironing board, but no kettle. Bathroom was good enough, hot water always available and decent size. But shower itself had average power and it was fixed in place so you couldn't move it. For the price and location this place would be fine for someone on a tighter budget. But if you have more money to spend on accommodation I would look",3
819, November 2019,Good location but disappointed beyond that.,"The location was ideal which is why we chose it. The room, as a Superior King, lacked much other than the bed. A welcome email from the General Manager asked if there was anything he could do to improve our stay, to let him know. I responded, requesting tea making facilities but never heard a thing back. We had a corner room, facing on to 8th Ave. The noise was non stop. Between emergency vehicles’ sirens, cars honking their horns and people shouting at each other, my sleep was limited. The elevators seem to have a lot of issues, too. Out of 8, one was working, it seemed. At one stage, i needed to call Security to get an elevator to my floor. The Express Checkout system told me I needed to see a member of staff. After queuing, she told me everything was fine and I could",2
820, November 2019,Amazing experience!,"The location is unbeatable especially for the price, the staff is very helpful and the security makes you feel extremely safe staying right in times square! The bar is always fully stocked and there’s plenty of food options both inside and around the hotel",5
821, November 2019,We are satisfied,"Although the heating did not work, the extra blankets did! Clean, good view to NY from our room. Excellent predisposition from all the people: from front desk to security. The lifts are special, the lights give the hotel a modern aspect.",4
822, November 2019,Worst Service,"I stayed here for 11 nights with my sister and throughout my stay there were numerous issues, mostly stemming from the fact that the staff are poorly trained and generally unhelpful. I was told incorrect information on 3 separate occasions (by differing staff) in regards to payment, which resulted in us being locked out of our room with no explanation. This was incredibly frustrating as we were spending a fair chuck of time and money with the establishment. Given this, we didn’t expect it to be handled like it was or to be treated as such when a call could have cleared it up. The hotel also misplaced our bag for two days suggesting it was a delivery error on the airlines behalf. After requesting again that someone check, it was in fact downstairs with our room number on it -",1
823, November 2019,One of my favourite places in NYC :),"I have stayed at Row twice in the last year, and have nothing but good things to say about both trips! The location can't be beat, especially if you are in town to see Broadway shows. The subway stop outside the door is so handy for getting around town quickly. The only thing I didn't like was the big crowds on the streets right around the time all of the theatres let out. But if you avoid those times, you are all set! The self parking was very affordable at $40/night too. I can't wait for my next visit :).",5
824, November 2019,"Clean, comfortable room","We enjoyed our stay - we had a clean, comfortable room. It was small but fine for one night. It took a long time to check in and drop off our luggage- that process could have been streamlined. I would stay there again.",4
825, November 2019,Elevators,We were at the ROW Hotel for three days and the elevators were not working well. We had to always wait a long time to get an elevator and once we had to wait 20 mionutes to use the freight elevator because the regular elevators were not working. We could not use the stairways because the doors were locked.,3
826, November 2019,Great hotel in a great location!,"We booked just last week as a surprise trip for our 2 girls to see Frozen on Broadway! Great hotel in a great location...easy walking distance to food, theatre, big NY sites...just wish we were here longer to be able to do it all! Only down side is on the “city view” side it’s very noisy during true day (nap time); pretty quiet in the evening.",4
827, November 2019,"Dirty rooms, rude staff","This hotel has an excellent location; that is all it has. Rooms under average size, bed was comfortable, Bathroom -bathtub too high -a person with any ambulatory disability would not be able to get inside or outside the bathtub. Toilet is against the wall, you sit and your thigh touch the wall, no exhaust installed. Complimentary toilettes were not replaced for the first 2 days of our stay; Bed sheets never changed in our 4 days stay; room floor carpet- never cleaned or vacuumed, wall mirror had the hands and fingers prints from the prior kids guest- never cleaned in our 4 days stay. Poor or not cleanest at all! Staff from were we left the luggage while we waiting for the room to be available- solicited the tip. Lady in the concierge desk rude - was asked fir the restroom key",1
828, November 2019,"BEWARE...DIRTY, COLD AND RUDE SUMS IT UP","Reserved a room through Priceline and was told we would be charged $163 at the hotel for their fees. I was charged $200 at the hotel and a week after returning home I was charged another $247. I've called numerous times, emailed, left messages and noone will call or reply back to tell me what the charge was for. I disputed with my card and was given $37 credit since they shouldve only charged the $163. Shady dealings!! When we arrived, we were told it was too early to check in but we could leave our bags in storage while we waited for no charge. Upon leaving our bags, one of the porters pointed to a jar letting us know we needed to leave a tip ahead of picking them up :/ Finally get our room and had to change 3 times because the heaters didnt work. Our final room still have",1
829, November 2019,New York - Room with a view,"We traveled with friends and had a wonderful time exploring New York City. Staying at The Row was fantastic as it was central to our needs. The Hotel has warm, clean and friendly. Rooms are small but with only really needing a safe place to sleep for we were too busy exploring the city and surrounds. The beds were comfortable and we slept well each night. Used the eateries and the food was good. Great coffee.",4
830, November 2019,Wonderful location,"One block from time square, Broadway shows and Port Authority. Great location! Rooms are sufficient in size (welcome to City dwelling). Friendly staff. Very clean! Breakfast is only continental. Good food though!",4
831, November 2019,Great Hotel,Perfectly situated - 5 min walk from Times Square. Room was cleaned daily & towels changed daily. Linen changed twice in 5 days stay. All staff were very polite especially the cleaners. Only downfall is the decor is too dark especially the lift area. Overall rating a great hotel.,4
832, September 2019,good location,"The best thing about this hotel is the location. Good for Time Square,theaters, restaurants and the tram line is across the road which made walking good to everywhere. The room was small the bathroom was the smallest i have ever seen, only one shelve to put anything but you couldn't use this as it was resting on the taps. Staff were friendly. I have seen reviews about the lifts but we found these to be fine.",3
833, November 2019,It was alright,"The one main perk to this hotel is its location. It's perfectly placed in the Times Square area which made walking to everything perfect! The placement of our room was perfect as it was a corner room. The downsides were the following: room was way too small and I paid for an upgrade. Every hotel we have ever stayed in at varying costs and other countries always offered a coffee maker in the room but not this one. Although small, I'm sure they can figure it out and add one. The housekeeping staff cleaned the room fine however the area behind the barn door had someone's clothes and candy from someone else, and lastly the bathroom had zero place (except a tiny shelf under the mirror) for any toiletries so that was a nightmare for my husband and I to share.",3
834, October 2019,Awesome customer service!,"Stayed in this super quaint hotel during my stay in NY. The lobby feeds into an awesome food spot, which was uber convenient. I got in during the check in rush, but the wait (about 20 min) was too terrible and I was given the greatest service when it was my turn to be helped. My initial room was small, but nice and had all the essentials. It’s important to understand that space in NY is at a premium so I didn’t expect a lot of spacious luxury. However it was enough to get me what I needed...which was sleep. The issue came when I returned from my meeting to realize that being right beside the elevator was going to give me very limited sleep. I called the front desk and they found me another room immediately. One of the managers even came to help me move my things and",4
835, November 2019,Bedsheet not changed and homeless hotel,"Check into the hotel . As I was about to rest after a tiring long flight , as I flipped over the duvet , I realised that the bedsheet beneathed was actually used . It was all crumpled and slight stained with hair residue by the side At night while coming back about 8pm , can see people outside the hotel smoking which what seemed to smell like marijuana. The smoker actually went up the same lift as me to the sane level and stayed 3 doors away from me . After I realised this hotel housed the homeless with the lodging provided by the New York City Council . This should have been stated in the hotel website . Otherwise , is a good location to be in in New York as it is near Times Square",3
836, November 2019,Great hotel,"Would highly recommend this hotel. My 2nd time staying here. Location is great, close to everything. Staff are very friendly and professional. Rooms are big , clean and beds are comfy. Would 100% stay again.",5
837, November 2019,Not recommended,"Rooms are ok (size, cleanliness) but smelly. Air con did not worked. You need to open the window to remove the smell. Old bathroom. Takes ages to get warm water. Service and breakfast very poor. Too expansive.",2
838, November 2019,Full marks for location,"Hotels in Midtown are small and expensive--that's just a given. As a solo traveler, I was perfectly cozy in my little room, but I can see how even having one more person in the space would have been irritating. Overall, my experience was a good one, and I may stay at The Row again in the future. The reason I'm writing this review though is to warn others that when I checked in, in addition to the high room rate, I was also charged another $120 ""resort fee"" for my three-night stay. This hotel is most emphatically not a resort--there aren't even coffee makers in the room (why are there never coffee makers in NYC hotel rooms!?!?), so I have no idea what this charge was even for. If you're in NYC on a very limited budget, be wary of the resort fee (and maybe stay outside of",4
839, November 2019,Disappointing Hotel,"I am very disappointed with my stay at the ROW hotel. I called guest services twice and never got an answer - managers on duty for calls seem to forward most calls to voicemail and never get a call back... Your front desk is so understaffed. After waiting for a return call, I went to the front desk again got in line with half a dozen people waiting. The person in charge seemed surprised no one had called us back. They obviously weren't interested in customer service - and to charge for a facilities fee service?!? Is totally absurd [what facilities? and what service?] We only ask what was advertised, and the Row NYC did NOT come through on their promise. Their offer to fix the problem was absurd. The more I think about it, the more I realize that this hotel must make their",1
840, November 2019,NYC holiday,Row hotel is not one I’d stay at again. Overpriced for what you get. Our upgrade was not booked so we didn’t get the room expected & the upgrade we were given wasn’t much better than the standard room,2
841, November 2019,Quality of room keeping,"Missing shower curtain, broken heater, and dusty everything. For the price paid (not to mention the daily service charge, taxes and some other fees) we got the bare minimum and had to continuously involve the front desk staff to get matters rectified. Highly disappointing. Won't return. Location is amazing, staff were friendly. Everything else though, not very good.",1
842, November 2019,Not worth the money,"When the lift music is the best asset of a hotel your sure now it's not good. Brilliantly located within NYC and a nice and modern lobby... but all the good stopped at check in. I get it, doing 300 check ins a day get somehow repetitive, but a smile would have been appreciated. Especially after the lady tried to take card details for the third time of a card that already was on file. Rooms are small, but I'm sure reasonable for NY standards. However furniture is outdated, chipped and broken. The room has missed its last spring cleaning, evidenced by the mold on the shower. Also very noisy air conditioning. On the plus size the bed was comfortable. There is potential, but it lacks detail and I feel that the staff already has given up on it, shown by the daylight saving time",1
843, November 2019,Living Legend,"Dear Row Hotel, Congrats on your hirig selection for choosing Jared@District M.When experiencing the best customer service, professionalism, awesome personality, I ask you take good care of him. 20 stars",5
844, November 2019,Amazing!,Just got back from staying at the ROW NYC and have to say what an amazing time we had. The hotel was clean and central to everything we had planned to do for our visit.... a great location. The staff were professional and friendly. The room was clean and had room service everyday. I had previously read about rooms being too small...my opinion...they werent large but then we only spent the night in them to sleep with the most comfortable beds ive ever stayed in and a bath really helped to heal our aching feet after a lot of walking. The only issue we had was we were promised a little something as it was our honeymoon which we never recieved but the manager Victor went above and beyond to settle the matterwhich we are most greatful for. Victor and his team work very hard to keep,5
845, November 2019,Get what you pay for. Average hotel,"Great location toTime Square but the hotel wasn't welcoming. You enter into the hotel and you aren't greeted by a bellman however an elevator and steps. No signs on where to go and you have to figure it out. Oh and the elevator situation was not explained, make sure you ask as they probably won't tell you. Overall it was fine for our weekend trip as we didn't spend much time in the room but we won't stay there again.",3
846, October 2019,Prime location,I would say that it´s a very good 3 stars hotel where everything works very well (from the lifts to the service to keep your luggage). Has all the good and bad things of being located in the heart of Manhattan.,4
847, October 2019,DON’T DO IT,"I don’t even know where to start with this review but if you don’t read anything else just know: DON’T STAY HERE! For beginners, the customer service is unmatched- meaning I haven’t had worse service than here. Let me tell you some examples. 1. It was getting pretty cold during our visit and when we asked for the heat, they said it has to be a certain temperature outside for them to turn on the heat which is totally understandable. But when asking an employee about this, he proceeded to argue and walk away from my room when I was asking what the policy was. When asking for blankets, they brought us towels (I’m still confused). 2. When asking for extra towels (because they only supplied two sets) it took them 1.5. days to get it to us. 3. I needed a band aid and when I asked",1
848, November 2019,Very good option!,"Excellent staff attention. Very attentive and helpful. Very good facilities, all very clean and neat. The room was just the right size (something small, but with everything you need). Excellent location, one block from the Times Square, one from the subway.",4
849, November 2019,Seen better days,"The ac made noise all night long mold on the walls in the bathroom dust covered the vents stains on the walls outdated outlets. only good thing was the location, located in the middle of Manhattan was perfect",2
850, November 2019,Worst housekeeping ever,Location is good. Housekeeping department does not clean the room even after calling and asking them. For receiving the parcel they charged 275 dollars. Upon complaining and investigating ( wasting our time) they said sorry it was a typo. Should have been 25 dollars. As a goodwill gesture they charged the minimum - 11 dollars instead of 25 dollars. But if we hadn't noticed (some people do express checkout) they would have cheated!,1
851, October 2019,Poor Costumer that stays at ROW,"The retrofitting of the old Milford Hotel made the customer life worse: the rooms are now shorter, the services turned to be poor, and the rates hiked, not to mention the downgrading of the services rendered.",1
852, November 2019,They say you must have chip card,"They tried to not let me check in because my debit card is not chipped. I secured the room with this card and I was informed that if I cancel they charge the card for my stay, yet they can’t charge my card if i stay? Come on? I’m sure the processor they use is offering great rates for chip card (and also they will assume fraud liability) but that is no reason for the rudeness to other guests. It took calling a manager down and insisting before they allowed me to check in",3
853, November 2019,"Paper walls, mold in the bathroom, very slow WiFi... in a Premium room","You can check my other reviews; I'm not hard to please; however, I had a terrible experience at the ROW NYC. I booked four premium rooms for my team for four nights. It started with a very cold, slow and unpleasant check-in experience. A mistake was made twice: indicating the wrong room number on the key, my colleague had to go up to the 21st floor, come back and queue at the front desk, twice, and no apologies were made. The shower faucet was broken in one of the rooms (it can happen, but I had to talk to a manager to get someone to fix it). The Wifi was slow for the full duration of the stay, and the LTE reception is poor, so there is no convenient alternative. The gym is disappointingly small for a hotel with 1300 rooms. Also, there was mould in the joint of my bathtub, and",1
854, November 2019,"Good location, but to noise the room","near to everything: restaurants, theaters, stores, museums and so on. you can do everything walking. located in the heart of the theaters district, in a region where you can find restaurants and bars open 24 hours.",3
855, September 2019,Wouldn’t recommend,This hotel is in fantastic location but that’s about it . Bar and foyer quite nice but room was tiny and not very clean . Bathroom was very old . No fridge or kettle but don’t think that’s unusual for New York. Definitely overpriced and the WiFi was very unreliable - kept dropping out. Wish it had been better but really couldn’t recommend !,2
856, November 2019,Too small room,"The room we got was very, very small. With two suitcases you can't see the floor! We also had difficult sleeping due to importunately roar from the main aircondition or exhaust system outside our window.",3
857, November 2019,"Location superb, cleanliness in need of improvement","Top location in midst of theater district, close to time square. Rooms quite small (but still ok for NYC), bathrooms could see update, cleanliness of carpet and glossy areas questionable. Room rate to high for actual room performance",3
858, November 2019,The city/hotel that never sleeps,"Given the proximity to Times Square, this hotel could do with much more efficient double Glazing in the windows. The walls are thin and others guests air conditioning sound keeps you awake. You feel like just a number, not any personal touches, not even free tea and coffee for guests. Nearby cafes are expensive and bland. Would definitely look at staying further downtown.",2
859, November 2019,Expected more,"Front desk service is too slow and not very friendly, same as concierge service, it does not solve any doubts, hotel is old, needs remodeling, noisy fronm outside construction at night, house phones don´t help much, was stuck with no elevator for 30 minutes on tenth floor and nobody went to help, had to walk donw the stairs, informed front desk but they din´t seem to care.",3
860, November 2019,One big disappointment,"The picture and reality are different. We ordered a queen bad and we get standard. The bathroom was so small. It was very expensive. It was one good thing, the hotel placed in a very good location!!!!",3
861, November 2019,Disappointing,"Got a supposedly upgrade from queen deluxe to premium. Very small room. Very bad plumbing. Hardly any hot water and shower doesn t work because of lack of pressure. First complain remained unanswered, second brought some improvement but too little. Needs bathroom remodeling badly. Very noisy from outside and adjacent rooms. (Jack hammer all night long from construction in the street below. This was not the hotel originally booked and will not go back there.",2
862, November 2019,Unhygienic Rooms,"The room I stay is very dusty and unhygienic. When I was sleeping, I heard something strange. And I turned on the light and see IT! A big cockroach! It was just on the floor next to my bed! Please do something about that. Please level up your condition of all your rooms.",1
863, November 2019,Bad Experience,"Rooms are tiny, overpriced. Noise outside hotel is a big issue, considering that the windows are not insulated. You end up paying $35-$40 extra per night for “extra charges“, which should be complimentary, as using internet. Bad experience.",1
864, November 2019,What a dump,"It’s a pit. First room: Paint peeling. Shades filthy. Carpets repulsive. Pipes left exposed in closet ceiling and covered in filthy dust and insulation-powder that is falling off, postage stamp sized room. Second room: Bed unmade, bathroom dirty, towels on floor, trash full. Third room: paint peeling, shade gross, furniture falling apart and gross glue exposed, mildew thick in corners of bath tub/shower, filth in corners of bathroom floor, filth on light switch. In addition to being grimy, the rooms are tiny. No coffee provided in room or lobby. Lines for check-in at all times day and night. One person at desk, no concierge. Internet is intermittently effective, plug connections are loose or non-functioning. Terrible lighting, hallways dark and dim, but not enough to hide",1
865, November 2019,Noisy room,Room with a great view and excellent location. Our room was on the 19th floor Room not cleaned daily. It is very noisy. Uncomfortable bed. Bed with sunken mattress. Rude staff. They put us under the door at 4 in the morning an invoice worth $ 482.04 but then they charged us more than 500 euros. I would not recommend this hotel.,2
866, November 2019,Didn't like it!,The website makes this hotel look amazing but unfortunately it is nowhere near as elegant as portrayed. The staff are just plain rude (except the lovely security man who fixed our safe) and no one answers the customer line from your room. We got woken up at 3am by being told to return to our rooms following the fire alarm. As we hadn't heard a fire alarm I spoke to front desk about 7.30 to say we hadn't heard the alarm so there may be a problem in our room...the response: well I just got here so I dont know...but with a real roll of eyes. Our room was tiny and needed some TLC but it was clean and kept so for the 4 nights we stayed. The huge a/c unit clicked into action regularly sending freezing cold air across the room. It was a real challenge to try to avoid this. One thing I,3
867, November 2019,Limited but good location,"Location is fantastic. Ideal for time square and all the Midtown attractions. Subway near and easy to get to downtown. Food and pubs all nearby. Our room was adequate. Small but OK for our purposes. WiFi good throughout. Resort fees expensive $30 odd a night for....... WiFi? Think there's a gym but not what we were there for. Reception staff abrupt uninterested and unhelpful. Hotel gives the impression of a transit lodge. U check in, throw bags in room then only use as a base to explore from. If you are looking for a welcoming friendly hotel this isn't it.",3
868, October 2019,Horrific!!,"DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. My family and I purchased two nights at this hotel through Groupon. Upon arriving we found the room to be in deplorable conditions. Filthy, stained carpeting, dirty bedding, broken furniture, and it reeked of cigarette smoke. The room was the size of a large closet and had 3 sterile, white walls with chipping paint, and one lime green wall. It was atrocious. We immediately asked to be moved to another room and offered to pay for an upgrade but were told nothing was available. After discussing it, my husband and I decided that with our children and respiratory issues it was impossible to stay in this garbage room. My husband spoke with Andre at the front desk and was told that the manager said obtaining a full refund would be no problem but that we",1
869, October 2019,RUDNESS FROM THE MANAGER AT THE RECEPTION OF ROW NYC,"The responsible of a reception should be kind and open for talking. to say to a client, you are difficult, and this is America. this is not good for business. the day was 29/10 and the person was the reception manager at the afternoon. i would like to be understand how come this type of person are at a reception desk.",1
870, October 2019,Well located,"The hotel is well located, rooms are smaller than they seem in photos, services are not great (room cleaning forgetting our room, and after reminding them forgetting again...; parcel delivery was messy) however some members (not all) of staff were really helpful and nice. ‘Food truck’ area is quite good and convenient.",3
871, October 2019,Cool hotel,"The Superior One Full/Queen Room was very clean, the bed very confortable! The front desk service great. the continental breakfast with a lot of choices. I've been lucky because my room n. 1444 was on the corner, with 2 windows",5
872, November 2019,Nelle is Amazing!!,"To be completely honest, the hotel is ok in terms of the rooms etc. Good location, beds are too soft, but for the price it’s cool. However I had such a fantastic experience with Nelle at the front desk that it salvaged my stay. She should be promoted!",4
873, November 2019,Avoid this place at any cost,"-toiletries open and half used -tub dirty -tub does not drain - which when coupled with a dirty tub is disgusting -long line to drop luggage morning -rude front desk attendant (man) and - when 7 front desk attendants were available - none of them called us over to check in. The woman who eventually checked us in was kind enough - terrible experience overall. Intend to report to Chase, through whom I booked and used thousands of points for this stay. Very disappointing.",1
874, November 2019,Close to Times Square ..,"Great room, comfy bed , bathrooms need updating , will book again , great value , went with valet package to avoid parking issues . around the corner from live shows . Close without need for a car or taxi , plenty of food and entertainment options.",4
875, June 2019,Location location location,"My wife and I stayed here in June 2019 for our honeymoon. Being just minutes walk from Times Square it caught our eye while searching for a hotel, the location is second to none and the staff are friendly. Also there is security on site ensuring that only guests get beyond the lobby to the elevators to get up to the floors with guest rooms. The rooms are not overly spacious but for the cost and the location it was a comfortable room with all the necessary amenities. My only word of advice if choosing this hotel for your stay is to select a room on one of the higher floors (25-27) because the elevators are shared for the whole building so if you stay on an intermediary floor you run the risk of the lift being full whenever it stops at your floor.",4
876, November 2019,Not satisfactory,"If you just need a place to sleep, this hotel is OK. No toothbrush. No tea or coffee for free. Not good price compared to the quality. The convenience stores is not open 24hours which they say 24 hours open in HP. Hair was already all over when I checked in. (Not used)",2
877, October 2019,Great location in the middle of the theatre district,A great hotel beatifuly located in the middle of Broadway and midtown. The rooms are small but comfortable and modern. The services are good and the internet is fast enough. The only point of improvement is the room cleaining service.,4
878, November 2019,The worst customer experience of my life,I have stayed at the Row for the past 15 years ( when it was still called the Millford Plaza) I have had the worst customer experience of my life in the Breakfast bar with a guy called Nacho who was demeaning and completely disrespectful Management does not care and just cares about filling rooms. I complained with the day manager and sent an email to follow up - no action. I guess money rules and customer loyalty has no value. Well this customer is taking her loyalty somewhere else,4
879, October 2019,Just OK,"Aircon was noisy, room service was extremely poor. Refill of toilet paper towels etc. Only after complaint. Can't recommend. Breakfast court was OK and not overpriced. Location in NYC was good because it was close to Time Square area.",2
880, October 2019,Great location,"This was our first trip to New York and we wanted to be based in Manhattan. The hotel was perfect for this, being within Times Square, and was only a very short walk from some great sights and restaurants etc. The hotel has ‘City Kitchen’ attached which is like an upmarket street food market and well worth a visit. The hotel room was small, there were 4 of us staying and it could feel cramped but I could cope with that. We had two windows being a corner room and had a great view. We were only given 6 very soft pillows and one is not enough and so I went and requested more pillows. I was told these would be sent to our room within 15 minutes. An hour later I rang reception and was told they would sort it. Then a man turned up at the door with towels. When I told him I wanted",3
881, October 2019,"Standard room only, nothing above and beyond.","Don't get me wrong the place is pretty decent for somewhere in the heart of Times Square but that's all. Rooms are small, especially the bathrooms but hey that's NYC. There's nothing more than a TV in the room. No basic tea and coffee bits, bad finishing in the bathroom on the silicone, nobody to answer the reception phone in the evening when my wife called down, we had to buy our own toilet roll as only half a roll was left for us on day one, all the electrical outlets were cracked and a mouldy bedroom blind. Ice machine down the hall was a decent replacement for a fridge. There's free WiFi, well not exactly free that's built into the resort fee you must pay (ours was $230 for 7 nights) and you get some discounts on bits in the local area with your room key (ask for the sheet",3
882, November 2019,Great location,"We stayed in early November. Staff at front desk and bar (Alan) were great! Elevators were different....I've never had to enter my floor number and then told which elevator to use. Room was nice, clean except windows were dirty. Breakfast in the restaurant was good for a quick bagel or muffin and coffee. I noticed they had more sit down type breakfasts but we didn't have one. Bar was ok but the drinks were very expensive. Bar/restaurant was small. It was okay for the price...you pay for location....great spot, close to the Bernard Jacobs Theatre where we went for a show and Time Square was the next block over! Always lots of people....but that's NYC!",4
883, October 2019,Good location. Tired and needs investment,"Title sums up review. Pros * Great location (5mins from Times Square and main subway station). * Good, strong and consistent WiFi. * Bed comfy and housekeeping (towels/bedsheet only) clean. Cons * 16th floor still very loud traffic and corridor noise. * Lift queues in morning long - had to wait 15 mins to get a lift down to reception! * Room and fitting worn and/or broken. * Lifts, corridors and rooms need a deep clean or new carpets. * Charged for resort fee in hotel (not city tax) not sure what this actually covers other than WiFi. * Unhelpful concierge. Would I use again? NO",2
884, October 2019,dirty and noisy !!!,dirty and noisy !!!! the front desk is not helping really the bathtube was digusting the rooms are really really small for this price (300 euros) honestly there is other hotels with the same locations that are really better in term of quaity / price,1
885, October 2019,Bad front desk employees,"Bad front desk employees, they blocked my visa with a wrong caution value 3.000 USA dollars and becaude that i do not lunch and dinner, ans shopping in my NYC stay. The front desk men employee, garantie that this issue was solve, but it was not.",1
886, November 2019,Something you forgot.,"Recently stayed at hotel for two nights. Rooms were small but clean. Had a blast at the bar with Alan, Eli, Habib and Jarret. The staff here was phenomenal. I had this one issue at breakfast. And it really left a bad taste in my mouth. I encountered one of the breakfast attendants ms. Karen Chang. She was extremely rude and condescending. I can't believe she was hired and trained with the rest of the staff. Thank you tinsin for assisting us with the issue and forwarding our concerns to management.",5
887, October 2019,Great location!,"One night stay for work meeting in the city. Parking garage nearby (discounted rate $40per night, stamped at checkout). After check-in at 5pm (we asked for and received complimentary upgrade to higher floor with city view) we walked over to TKTS to get same night tickets for Mean Girls, one of the few shows open on Mondays. Easy walk to/from hotel with good options for after theater dessert along the way. Complimentary light breakfast; once unheard of in NYC hotels. Will stay again.",5
888, October 2019,Hostel type student rooms not a hotel,"Stayed here having had his booked for us by a third party , to say we were disappointed would be a understatement. The hotel is very dark , dirty , tired and the rooms are tiny and need massive improvement in their cleanliness. The air conditioning was really noisy but the worst of all was the noise of the generator outside that affected all the rooms not just ours Also charged an additional fee for facilities of £70 for what I’m unsure , temped to to move hotel straight away but as prepaid felt we had to stay - will not be revisiting or recommending.",1
889, October 2019,"Nice Place, Great Location, HIDDEN FEES","Overall, we loved the hotel, the amazing location, the friendly staff. But if you book through a travel site, beware of a ""facilities fee,"" for things like the workout facility and the little safe in your room, that is not included in the quoted price. They charge $40 a night over what you already paid through that site. We had two rooms for six nights, and it set our family back nearly $500 on top of the price quoted by Travelocity. We had read the site carefully before choosing, but the fees were mentioned deep in the confirmation paperwork after we had already committed ourselves, and we didn't see it before we got there. Our plane arrived quite early in the morning, so we asked if they had something available early. We wanted two rooms on the same floor, so we figured we'd",3
890, October 2019,short stay,"good location staff were friendly and most helpful, the room was next to possibly a aircon pipe which was noisy, but so tired got use to it .overall for the price was ok. To get more business might pay to get room tax abolished but that wont happen.",4
891, October 2019,ROW,"My friend and I have stayed at ROW three times in a year. Everyone who works there is helpful and we haven’t had a single problem. Twice we were able to check in early and once we were able to stay late and either way, they will hold luggage so you can wander the city until check in or after check out.",5
892, October 2019,Family Trip to NYC,"room was pretty small, but was clean and great shower ... when we accidentally broke the shower curtain - they didn't wait till we reported it, and just fixed it. So - forget the room ... the location is what makes this place ... very very central ... 3 mins to Times Square, dozens of places to eat within minutes. Great base ... despite the small room",4
893, October 2019,"Mixed thoughts... some good, some bad.","Unlike many people on trip advisor, I won’t have a rant. I’m going to give you the facts as they happened so that you can make the right decision for your budget. Let’s go bad v good... THE BAD Bad: 1. check in took forever. Yet there were plenty of check in staff... rather than log in, they just stood there with bits of paper. V irritating. 2. Asked if we could check in early - I was prepared to pay a little extra for this. “NO”. ok erm thanks. Was told to leave bags downstairs and they’ll email me when the room is ready. On receipt of email, collect bags and keys from man downstairs. I double checked this - I didn’t need to come back up? “No just go downstairs. V rude. 3. Cut a long story short, email never arrived. There was torrential rain and we were soaked, tired and",3
894, October 2019,Great location,What an amazing location. There so many good restaurants and coffee shops around. Very friendly staff. the room is a bit small to my taste but very clean. I do recommend to do the online checkout since it will be really busy at the counter.,4
895, October 2019,Floor stunk of weed i was in room 808,We reserved a city view. What we got was view of some filtration system with a partial view of led screen in time square. When we reached our floor- floor 8 it just stunk of weed was horrible. We got to our room it was underwhelming.... small no much amenities and worse of all The weed smell seeped through the the door and even the ventilation. I dont normally complain but this was just ridiculous been to motels with better rooms then this,1
896, October 2019,5 night stay in New York,"The Row NYC Hotel was very disappointing. I was shocked to find the hotel lobby, lifts and rooms were all dirty. Sadly I had prepaid and was unable to cancel when I arrived. When we complained about the dirt and grubbiness our room was changed to one with a lovely view but sadly the room was just as dirty. I felt the staff were quite used to receiving similar complaints. e found am empty crisp bag beside the locker,in the upgraded room, there were lumps of sticky gel in places on the floor, there were hairs and months of dust all over the floor and bathroom and in drawers. There was poor lighting in the lifts and corridors that could not disguise the litter on the floor before we reached our room. Overall it was very depressing. The wifi kept dropping.",1
897, October 2019,row hotel nyc,great location but dated rooms in need of improvement. we had room on 11th floor looking down on 8th avenue the décor makes no sense and really needs looking at in next year or so to prevent the hotel from becoming past its sell by date. this could be due to nyc generally coming across as a bit dirty which was a surprise to me,2
898, October 2019,All thanks to Junior,"I was given a tiny room at first, but after speaking with Junior, he was able to upgrade my room with no hassle. He even gave us a few free drink vouchers. I had a great birthday stay and the location was perfect.",5
899, October 2019,Great hotel,Junior on reception was great in helping us with check in a credit to the hotel The concierge was great in her knowledge and advice Bon where to go and how to get there Great stay Location is excellent and we can’t wait to come back,5
900, October 2019,Row nyc the best in ny,Absolutely brill hotel. Great location. Lovely staff. Clean. Free wifi. Great cafe. Room perfcet. Safe in room. Lovely powerful shower. Comy bed. Beds made everyday. Overall perfect hotel. Good price. Great eateries nearby.,5
901, October 2019,Just ok,"Good for one night or if you’re touring around NYC on a budget. My room was clean, bed was very comfortable. Hallways and parts of the room seemed dated, but that’s expected when you book budget hotels. Elevators were slow, but the lobby and bar had a nice modern feel, which made up for the lack of elevator efficiency. Front desk had zero personality. Security was pretty tight, which was a nice touch and expected for the neighborhood you’re in. Location is central and close to transportation, but not a nice part of town. It’s Times Square, so it’s flooded with tourists, homeless and drug addicts. A little sketchy at night, if you’re a female and alone.",3
902, October 2019,Not impressed,"Room was so small, the room is never really cleaned, beds not properly folded , elevator keeps breaking down, lobby floors and rugs are old and scratched up, room rug is dirty, toiletries are never fully stocked back, our cleaner tried to steal my wife's earrings and passed it off thinking it was garbage. Will never go back tot his hotel again.",2
903, October 2019,Great hotel in the middle of Times Square,"Row NYC is a great option if you want to stay in the middle of all the excitement of Times Square. It is upscale and efficient. The elevators were better than any we've used in NY. Check-in was hassle free. To check-out, simply drop your keycard in the box. They held our bags for 4 hours and were very helpful in getting taxis and directions. Overall, a very pleasant experience.",4
904, October 2019,Excellent Customer Service but the Guest Room is a big letdown!!,Room 1834 - the room needs updating. The mattress needs changing. The bathroom needs attention. There is a mould in the right hand corner. The air conditioning unit is too noisy. Avoid this room if you can. It is also very close to the elevators and can sometimes hear people making loud noises.,2
905, October 2019,Worst value in New York City,"I won't be back. Great location, nice lobby. That's where it ends. The corridors are dark and dingy. Rooms are boring. There was absolutely no attempt to minimize outside street noise during a recent remodel.",1
906, October 2019,If breakfast is not a major requirement then an excellent property to stay in,Unbelievable reservation and front desk team with location but requires major upgrade with the breakfast quantity served. For the amount of dollars charged the paid breakfast needs a major upgrade by the owners with at least coffee and tea facilities given to every guest staying at the facility.,3
907, October 2019,"Don’t Go here , Over priced for a dirty hotel","Hotel absolutely not worth the money , staff very rude , had to change room as bugs in towels ,went down to complain over this only to be told come back at 10am when manager would be in . No compensation regarding this , !!!rooms dirty , bathroom and room not cleaned during our 7 night stay , damaged in the room , had to go to another floor to get our own water , no coffee making facilities, lifts constantly broken had to use employees lifts . Resort fees covered WiFi and gym , WiFi constantly cutting out , does not warrant the fee they charged . Breakfast dry and very over priced , 2 teas , croissant and cinnamon roll $20 , ended up putting food in bin as style and dry . Worse hotel I’ve ever stayed in , in USA Very very disappointing,",1
908, October 2019,So so stay,"PROS: - Shopping & Restaurants are walking distance - Internet is great CONS: - Small rooms even smaller bathrooms - Basic amenities only (shampoo, lotion, soap, hair dryer, etc.) No fridge or electric kettle - Front desk staff are grumpy & some are even rude - No closet or just little spaces to keep personal items such as used clothes, etc. - Restaurant (City Market) is overpriced - Elevators are weird at first but you'll get used to it.",2
909, October 2019,Great place to stay,Great place to stay. Near subway and Times square. Ideal for youths. Rooms very clean. And very modern. The only thing that would be nice to have is a fridge and something to heat water and have come or tea,5
910, October 2019,a mediocre experience,"Row NYC is very well located but that cannot be the reason of the rates, considering the lack of maintenance. we had a room with a great view, that was great! I had to pay $33 for receiving 2 packages from amazon!",2
911, October 2019,Room were not very clean,"Good security policy there. If you want busy location, Times Square definitely the right one. Cons: room were not very clean. It were hairs on the floor when I checked-in. And it was hard for me to reach the front desk from the room. I mean nobody answered at all.",2
912, October 2019,Excellent Hotel for Theatre experience in NYC,this hotel is close to times square and right on the theater row in midtown Manhattan.I really enjoyed being able to step out of the hotel turn the corner and be at my theater. Additionally there's all sorts of dining and entertainment possibilities around every corner. The rooms were clean and fashionably decorated. I also appreciated the full-size bathtub. I definitely recommend for someone who can afford more than a budget hotel and doesn't want to shell out too much money. As a female traveling solo I also felt extremely safe and well taken care of this hotel.,5
913, October 2019,Nice location,Nice location. Easy walk to most anything touristy. I don't recommend the city view rooms because of the noise from the street. We had a room on the 14th floor and it was still very noisy all night long. The elevator system was not working so great when we were there. Otherwise a nice stay.,4
914, October 2019,Only location is good,"Only location is good, inside the roon quite small and dirty, i paid total us$1221 for 4 nights i don't think is up to my expectation...front desk and main door service staff not willing to answer question, air-con broken at night time, wait 1 hour to fix...",2
915, October 2019,Best place for the price and location,Best place for price and location..in the heart of the theater district and other venues important to visitors...the place ranks the one in my future travels to the city. ...check this place out. ..you'll like it....,5
916, October 2019,Poor experience,"No one did the bed, extra charges that no one charges (total rip off). WARNING THE PRICES YOU SEE ARENT THE FULL ONES THERE IS EVEN MORE CHARGES OTHER THAN TAXES CALLED FACILITY CHARGES. The elevators were a joke. Only good thing is the location. But I’d rather pay 1000$ somewhere and not a 100$ here.",2
917, October 2019,"Great location, spacious rooms","Located right in the heart on the City, just in the center to get comfortably to anywhere you choose. Rooms with space, clean and with a fair price, should stay here again in my next visit to New York.",5
918, October 2019,Great NYC experience,"Loved this hotel. Aircon was amazing the blinds blocked out all the light. Location was absolutely amazing, we were a few minutes away from times square. The facilities in the hotel are so good. It is a little loud from traffic and garbage truck but not too bad.",5
919, October 2019,Homeless Shelter,"I booked thru Priceline. When we arrived there were many people just hanging out,, on the stairs, on the benches etc. I wondered if there was a convention there. That night there was a guard asking for room cards and instead of a doorman there was another guard. Some of the floors were contracted by the city to provide a HOMELESS SHELTER and I paid $700 for 3 nights! I contacted Priceline to get a refund but they would not refund I believe this is fraud. Nowhere was it stated. Paying guests have to find out by themselves. DO NOT STAY AT THE ROW AND DO NOT USE PRICELINE. FOR WARNED IS FOR ARMED.",1
920, October 2019,Reservations cancelled without being informed.,"My reservations were cancelled without any notice. Very unprofessional. I did not find out until I was trying to check in. The front desk personnel just acted annoyed with me after she realized I didn’t have a reservation there anymore. I was traveling with a small child and baby and had to book another hotel that night, which cost a fortune since it was last minute. Almost ruined my vacation.",1
921, October 2019,"Never again, not enough characters to explain!","3rd time in NYC, never disappointed..until now. 1st looks, hotel looked great, big entrance, very modern, clean then we hit the reception. We were early - our issue, not a problem, we’d prepared to drop bags in the hotel luggage hold and walk around. To be fair, the group on reception did a say that they were midway through shift change, but abrubt in letting us know. Anyway, they eventually handed the room keys out so all was good. So the room, looks OK first off then you start to question whether it was actually cleaned prior to you coming in, the floor didn’t look as though it had seen a vacuum cleaner in a while, bathroom fittings looked as though they would fall off if touched, wall vents half unscrewed, unchanged bed sheets at one point our daughter had accidentally spilt",1
922, March 2019,stayed here twice!,"I have actually stayed here twice, so that can tell you that I had a very good experience. Staff was friendly and helpful, and the location is fantastic. During my second stay I had issues with the room I was staying and we got offered a different room immediately with no overcharge.",4
923, October 2019,"Great location, great staff and an enjoyable stay.","We booked a deluxe city 2 double bed room and stayed in room 2 on the 11th floor. There was a good view above 8th avenue where you can watch the busy activity on the street below. It was noisy outside sometimes as it’s a busy street, but it didn’t cause us any issues or keep us awake. There was a good view across the city too. Location was excellent - a few minutes walk from Times Square and the theatre district and easy to get around with taxis, buses and subway all close by. The staff at Row NYC were really friendly. Junior checked us in at reception and started our stay with a real warm welcome. He also arranged a late checkout for us as our homeward flight was in the evening- much appreciated! (Wish more places had staff like Junior). Other staff we had contact with",4
924, October 2019,Just don't. Awful hotel.,"I will preface this by saying that I didn't book this hotel. It was booked for us as we were there on business. If I had been booking a hotel, I would never have picked this one based on other reviews. The employer was supposed to request a larger room but when my partner arrived, we had the smallest room available. Whether this was a mistake on the employer or hotel, we're not sure. So we then had to pay $200 to upgrade the room to something barely larger than a tin can (though this is normal in New York). Upon getting to the room, I pulled up the sheets to check for bed bugs. I did not find any, thank God, but I did find a mattress protector that was covered in hair, pubic hair, chest hair, crumbs and stains. It couldn't be removed from the bed because it went around the",1
925, October 2019,Business,"Do not stay here. Tiny, overpriced, unhygenic rooms With those facing inwards subject to a continuous noise of an extractor fan, impossible to sleep or even think. Dirty carpets with nail clippings, can't move in the bathroom,no space and an extremely loud air conditioner.. worst of all, a rank smell of food permeating the room, probably because of the extraction fan outside.",1
926, April 2019,"Amazing location, boring breakfast","I stayed here in April with a load of friends during our week away in NYC! Amazing location for tourists such as us who love theatre, food and travel - with many theatres round the corner, a wide range of restaurants near by and Times Square a small 5 minute walk to! The rooms were small but cosy and everything worked well ( we tipped the cleaners now and again). Our only negative was the breakfast portions were small for a continental breakfast and there was not a lot of choice of drink or cereal. The best bit about breakfast was the blueberry muffins!! Overall, great location, friendly staff ( except when they give you evil eyes as you go into the lifts) and loved the addition of the photo booth which made for lush photos!!",5
927, October 2019,Small room.bed doesn't fit two adults,"The room is Very small, no place to put 2 suitcases on the floor. The double bed is too small to fit two adults. To change room you must leave your suitcases down stairs at noon and receive the new room after 16:00.",2
928, October 2019,Disappointed,"Have just stayed here for 4 nights and what a complete disappointment. The staff were rude at check in which wasn't a great start. The room smelt damp, dirty.....so much dust and floors were dirty, the safe didnt work and hairdryer was missing. Air con just outside our room which hmmmmmm ALL NIGHT. Phoned reception who told me i was wrong but they would get someone to sort the safe and replace the hairdryer. Security turned up and sorted safe. We were also accused by staff that we were lying about the hairdryer but eventually got a new one. We would never go to this hotel again as not clean, too loud and staff were rude.",1
929, October 2019,Great location for theater goers,The staff is very accommodating. They go out of their way for excellent customer service. Jarret and Jennifer at District M were exceptional. Very welcoming and really make you feel at home. I would recommend The Row to friends and family. The room was clean and comfortable. Would have liked a coffee pot or water boiler. Didn’t ask if that was available.,4
930, October 2019,Great location to visit Manhattan. But with a very disappointed breakfast.,A good option if you want to walk the city! You will be just in the middle of it. But breakfast served was just a croissant and a hot drink. Gym was ok and customer service was good. Noisy neighbourhood but double glass in windows so no problem at all.,3
931, October 2019,Excellent room service,"I have to say I will never find a better room attendant ever. Angela Figueroa was very professional during my entire stay at the hotel. Six weeks there and she never skipped my service. Other ladies were good, but she was the best. Thanks a lot for taking care of my space so well.",4
932, October 2019,First time in New York,"My daughter visited NYC for the first time and booked into the Row, as my sister from Scotland had stayed there. The location is great; close to Subway; Port Authority; Times Squares; lots of restaurants. We walked everywhere! We enjoyed our stay at the Row. We were in a city view two doubles room. Beds were extremely comfy. Make sure you take earplugs if car horns honking bother you. Seems to be a favourite NY pastime!! Would really like to commend Eli at District M. He was our server one evening. We had a great, informative chat with him. Things like that really make a hotel stay great. One downside though was a a seemingly lack of communication between reservations and the front desk check in. I had done the pre authorization prior to arrival so all charges would go on",4
933, October 2019,Good Hotel with a high price,Fins a way to cut your costs so that your guests can visit the City but not go broke. They require that my review be at least 200 words. So I object that they want a review and demand that I do it in their selected number of words.,4
934, October 2019,Very disappointing stay at ROW NYC,"The photos on the website are very misleading. We thought we had booked into a most beautiful hotel. 4 star, now that’s a joke! Lifts were broken when we arrived so we had to use the staff lifts. Shocking that residents had to see the state of that place. We were so disappointed when we entered our room. Really strange smell in it. Air conditioning was very loud, room was cold, could not get warm air at all so we just had to completely turn it off. It took ages to get up and down to our room on the lift, we were on the 22nd floor. One person I must give praise to is Junior that worked at the reception desk. He was so helpful and went out of his way to assist us at all times. I cannot praise him enough. Sadly, I cannot say the same for the rest of the staff. On our",2
935, October 2019,Disappointing!,"The location of the hotel was great for easy access to Time Square and surrounding. Breakfast was included and simple and good quality. Security at the lifts in the evening was appreciated. However the room was very basic, unclean and badly maintained. One night I was disturbed by shouting guests in the next room at 2am, the following night by a load speaker in the room detailing a false fire alarm in the middle of the night - this went unexplained and was unsettling since I was staying alone on the 19th floor. I have stayed in several New York hotels and expect them to be fairly functional but this was not good value for money.",2
936, October 2019,Awful,"I spent two nights at this place. On the surface, slick and great location. I had a room on the 12th floor overlooking a huge extractor fan. The noise was unbelievable. It sounded like a jet engine. The in room air conditioning noise was even worse. It was impossible to think or watch TV. This tiny room was suffocating. It was impossible to open the windows with the deafening fan and the horrible smell of food wafting into the room. This has to be one of the worst in room hotel experiences I have ever had, even for New York. Also, this room was unhygienic. Mould on the roof light fitting and air conditioning vents. Nail clips on the filthy carpet. I don’t know what the other rooms are like, but my advice is stay away. Managment has to know these rooms or the 12th floor are",1
937, October 2019,Bad experience in NY!,"Stayed there for 4 nights. They do not consider their guests. Zero service, bad rooms, smelly. The elevator has security during the nights, when there are groups waiting for them is a chaos. I do not recommend.",1
938, October 2019,average,"more cleaning, better Light in public rooms, Music in bar, more Information -- perhaps personal for Sightseeing. in week 42 in 2019 -- minimum 3 bigger shutdowns with the Elevators, Safety People are very good",3
939, October 2019,Fantastic location,"Fantastic location, room was a bit small, however, it was clean and you are only there to sleep. Was a bit chilly so bring thick socks - lots of drawers which is rare. Also has a large TV Reception staff a bit rude.",5
940, October 2019,Only good thing is the location!,"The location is really the only good thing about this hotel. The rooms were very small and needed some updating. The elevator system is horrible. We ended up having to carry our luggage down 9 flights of stairs. The resort fee is very high for what you get. Would not recommend this hotel, you can find better in the area!",2
941, October 2019,Not as good as I was expecting,"The hotel is set in Times Square so it is fairly close to most of the attractions but I think this hotel especially the rooms are in dire need of refurbishment. They could also add things like a loo brush, tea and coffee facilities, more coat hangers etc. We booked a double room which I thought would have been with a queen size bed but it was only a 4 6"""" and as we were 2 older women it was not suitable so had to pay for an upgrade. The saving grace of this hotel was the very, very helpful young man on the information desk. He always had a smile on his face and was the only one that I would say liked to help people",2
942, October 2019,Terrible elevators,"The hotel is really nice and staff is somewhat friendly. However, the elevator system is enough reason to never come back here! Most times, it takes 30-45 minutes to get to your room because you are waiting for an elevator. And apparently they do not have guest stairs, so that is not an option. It is extremely frustrating and the staff isn’t very helpful in regards to this situation.",2
943, October 2019,Big Apple,"Special thanks to Jarret, Amanda, Alan, Habib, Mohammed, Jaime, Jenny, and Eli. Customer service was on an echelon caliber of greatness. Thanks and I will definitely be back. It’s a place like home!!!",5
944, October 2019,"Crowded, factory-style hotel, no personality. Great location for Times Sq.","Great location for Times Sq shows. But busy inside, busy outside. Rooms of decent size for NY (i.e. you can walk around the bed) with comfortable beds. Good thing carpets are very dark, as with all the traffic, they must not be very clean up close. Half of the coffee area is sitting on steps eating off the floor, but they say that a cool these days...",2
945, October 2019,Not the best,I came to this hotel for 4 days. The location was great. Room was dirty and not well kept. Staff was unfriendly. No water was put in the room. No fridge or umbrella. Online the pics look great but in person they’re not the best. The hallways are very ugly and doesn’t look anything like the online pics. Other than the great location and comfy beds this hotel sucked.,2
946, October 2019,Fantastic location,"Fantastic location, staff could not do enough for us, from the bell boys to the reception everyone was kind and helpful, the rooms were very clean and every day the room was cleaned and new clean towels. I would use this hotel again and again and I would recommend it to anyone I know who was visiting New York. I could not fault it at all.",5
947, October 2019,Great Midtown Location,"Walking distance to Times Square, Theatre District, and 2 block walk to trains to take you elsewhere in Manhattan. Location was super convenient. Room was clean and well serviced. Staff were friendly and helpful.",4
948, October 2019,Less than expected!,"Older hotel with some really easy upgrades could make a world of difference. Popcorn ceilings, old bathroom, dirty window seals. Halls are super dark, lobby is always full of people sitting. False smoke alarm kept us awake from 2-4 am, with a very difficult to understand voice coming over speaker in our room, making early morning wake up call difficult. Keep looking, many other options in Time Square",3
949, October 2019,Wouldn’t recommend,"Room was dirty and crazy small. The check in staff were so rude, when they were the ones who made a stuff up. Also the bathrooms in both rooms we booked are filthy. Also our room backs onto the lifts which don’t stop",1
950, October 2019,Read reviews before booking,Check-in is not before 4pm. Doors and walls are so thin you hear every word or move. Ice dispenser makes a terrible noise if your room is just next to it. Airconditioning is far too noisy. Curtain doesn’t keep the light out. We found a big spot of dried BLOOD in de bedsheets. All the above mentioned makes it a horrible place to sleep. Overall lack of maintenance. Hairdryer is dangerous and plug burned my fingers. We only stayed one night and that was sufficient to be nearly traumatized. To end with a positive note: the location is perfect!,1
951, October 2019,Horrible Stay,"I booked this room for a trip to NYC to celebrate my daughters 16th bday. I reached out to let the hotel know before we arrived. They did absolutely nothing to acknowledge her....not even a well wish. Our room had stained carpet, wallpaper was peeling and the window with the view was smaller than my car. The front desk never picked up the phone--had to go down 16 flights to speak to a human AND my shower was backed up. Took one with muck floating around my ankles. We checked out the next morning but....you better believe they charged my card!",1
952, October 2019,Avoid at all costs,"A friend recommended this hotel and as I was in NY for business I thought I’d give it a try. Mistake. Room had a terrible smell, the fittings were all damaged, poor maintained and dirty. Aircon didn’t chill and had to manually turn it off as the controller didn’t work. There was a hole in the ceiling with something growing around it. False economy, I’d not return. Staff surly, rude and unhelpful.",2
953, October 2019,Row review,"Do not plan to stay here again. While the location is good, the property was dirty and the hotel staff was not very friendly or helpful. We had three rooms of family members that were disappointed. In one room, cleaning service did not clean room or stock towels. In another room, the phone kept beeping and the sink kept filling up with water. And on and on...",2
954, September 2019,Best to Stay Somewhere Else,"They were not helpful, good location but the customer service was horrible especially when it came to billing. After several phone calls and voicemails over 3 weeks, I still haven't heard back from their accounting department.",1
955, October 2019,Great NYC Hotel,"Perfectly located, friendly, affordable, comfortable, hotel in the heart of the Theater District with easy access to subway and bus lines to connect to all parts of NYC. Close to Port Authority and Penn Station.",5
956, October 2019,Great Location,"Awesome location right off of Times Square. Easy walk to Central Park, Rockefeller Center or 5th Avenue. The room was cute and had two windows. Was upgraded for free at check in to a king sized bed. We arrived early and they were nice enough to hold our bags while we explored until our room was ready. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and would recommend to anyone.",5
957, October 2019,Weekend,"My teen son and I enjoyed our stay. Room price was excellent. The hotel was in walking distance of Times Square, The Nintendo store, The Hershey Store and Rockefeller center. We will be back! Staff was very polite!",5
958, October 2019,The row hotel will be my first choice next trip to N.Y.,"Easy access to everything such transportation theaters,resteraiunts. Walking was also an option which I did plenty of. I had thrill of my life when passing the Schubert theater I got to see Jeff Daniels for a picture and an autograph! Monday morning I caught the tour bus and travelled downtown on the open top red bus on a beautiful day! I love New York.",5
959, October 2019,Great hotel and service,Very good hotel in the middle of the city very satisfied everything was almost perfect except for some problems with elevators sometimes you have to wait a lot to reach you room but that is just a minimal one. If you want to visit NY this the perfect hotel for you. The wi-fi is fantastic and very helpful if you need a quick connection.,5
960, October 2019,Elevator shaft... all night long,"Very unpleasant experience today at The Row. My room is next to the elevator, which sounds like a metro is sharing a wall with my room every 2 minutes. I’m told the hotel is fully booked Checkin took ages due to a long queue. The lobby is constantly packed with people trying to get an elevator to their room. As a result the lobby has a very chaotic vibe. Do yourself a favor and pay the extra money to stay elsewhere.",1
961, October 2019,Disappointed,"We stayed 7 nights in this hotel. Good location if you want to stay in Timesquare. Check in was ok although staff rude and looked like they were all miserable. Charged us a $40 USD per day resort fee. Did not get anything extra for this fee. Room small and draws would not stay closed. Very annoying. Cleaning could be a little bit better. Bed comfortable. Safe would not open. Aircon was not working. Staff member opened my door without knocking and I was getting dressed and my husband was in the shower. She did arrange for our Aircon to be fixed but to noisy to leave on. Didn’t eat breakfast so cannot comment. Only had one drink at the bar, very pricey and terrible service from staff member. Plenty of other bars around to spend my money at. Overall I would not recommend or stay at",2
962, October 2019,Central Location,"Very central hotel close to Times Sq. and the theatres. Plenty of restaurants close by. Room was small but clean and comfortable.Towels changed daily and room cleaned daily. Water font on each floor. No tea/coffee making facilities in rooms.Check-in smooth, but our request for 2 rooms on the same floor was not granted, not a big deal as this hotel is very big and busy. Luggage storage available in the basement. We didn't have breakfast ,so cannot comment. We did have drinks nightly in the District M bar, and staff were very helpful. Air conditioning in room too noisy to leave on during the night. Overall this hotel was good for the price and I would recommend.",5
963, October 2019,'A B&B on Broadway',"Although we loved our stay the ROW NYC alongside our Broadway/theater experience, I was a bit let down on what we received at the hotel. Although it has chic appeal on the entrance level floors, and the staff were all super nice, I felt claustrophobic from the time I entered the elevator after check-in to the time I walked off the elevator when checking out. Would I stay there again? Yes, but knowing what to expect, as I my liking of convenience continues.",3
964, October 2019,really?,"Dark, dated, overcrowded and in need of a fresh coat of paint. The room itself was clean enough, but still so small. The hallways were depressingly dark and the elevators were cramped and dirty. Even this review is annoying.",3
965, October 2019,Great location,The location of the hotel was excellent but the facility could use improvement. The rooms are very small and the bathroom is even smaller. Bar drinks and food were quick and convenient before the theatre.,3
966, September 2019,Great stay in NYC,"We had 9 nights at the ROW NYC. The room was large, and had a great view down 8th Avenue. It was a very short walk to Times Square, Hell's Kitchen and the subway, so the location is excellent. There is also a good selection of quick and fairly cheap food on site, especially at breakfast.",5
967, October 2019,This hotel is so close to everything!!,Centrally located. Easy access to everything including subway system. Food court on site was awesome as we tried most of the places. Rooms are a little tight and that is the only reason this hotel got an 8 instead of a 10 from me. Hotel staff was great to us and always helpful.,4
968, August 2019,Reasonable Hotel,"Good location, decent double, double room on top floor. Helpful staff. Long queues at check in and for the lifts which where alway overcrowded. Booked at short notice and was reasonable enough. Wouldn’t be up there on my list of NYC Hotels to rebook on future visits.",3
969, October 2019,Location...Location...Location,"Excellent location, close to Theaters, Time Square, Restaurants, etc. Rooms are small, beds a very comfortable and very clean and had everything we needed to enjoy our stay. Staff at check-in were very helpful and friendly. Will certainly return to this hotel when I next visit New York.",4
970, October 2019,Great location,"Location close to theater, Times Square, subway. Room small but most are in NYC. Bathroom had no fan and only a slider door which means if you didn’t know the person well that you were traveling with you do now, lol. Shower curtain not long enough so water would get all over the bathroom floor. Housekeeping great. Front desk quite understaffed at times with long waits for questions. Elevator was a mystery escape room. It took forever to arrive and we most often walked down many floors after waiting for 10 minutes in the am. Super busy around check in as well. There were mystery metal prongs in one of the outlets.",3
971, October 2019,"the location is the best, point ¡¡ nothing more matters","the location is the best, you can loterally wake up and go down and walk throught all manhattan, the service is not good, the rooms are clean and confortable, the price is hight BUT THE LOCATION ES PERFECTLY , ITS PERFECT OMG ¡¡¡¡¡¡",5
972, October 2019,Conrad,"The administration needs to know that Conrad is not only personable but goes out of his way to make sure that people are taken care of properly. If I had a son, I would hope he was like Conrad. Kudos Conrad and keep it up",3
973, October 2019,"Location, location, location","This was my third stay at The Row, a place a choose due it its fantastic location. I got a great deal on a 8 day stay which made it all the sweeter. Thanks go to Douglas who made check in easy and painless. I had a letter delivered to me whilst I was staying, no problem and delivered straight to my room. Rooms are quite and really convenient to Times Square and the Theatre District and 9th Avenue (only 1 blocl away) is great for food options away from the usual tourist drag. My only consideration, considering there are so many rooms at the row the hallways can be a bit meandering and room doors can be part of murals, so keep an eye out and you won't accidentally miss your room :)",5
974, October 2019,Avoid,"This was recommended as a business hotel. I’m on my fourth night, and every day there are fewer towels. I call down, and the first time I get an answer, saying they bring them “right up”. After an hour, I’ll call again, and no one will answer - nor for the rest of the evening. By tonight, I won’t have towels. The elevator is a joke. There are 8 banks, and 1-2 are operational. You can imagine the chaos of hundreds of people using one elevator at peak times of the day. The staff are abrupt and distant at best. If all you care about is a cheap hotel with mediocre standards and no cockroaches, this site is for you.",2
975, September 2019,Week in NYC,"Got a great deal on a week in NYC. Stayed at ROW NYC, location was fantastic, staff pleasant, friendly and hotel welcoming. Our room was on the 12th floor and had a view of Time Sq (part of Time Sq). Rooms are small but great just to get your head down, bathroom was nice sizes and clean towels daily. Hallways are very dark (paint and wallpaper dull) but nicely done. Breakfast, never had breakfast at the hotel as there are a selection of cafes attached to the hotel which offers a greater selection of food (please note NYC is expensive for food and alcoholic drinks). Overall I would return and intend to soon.",5
976, October 2019,For business trip,I stayed here for my business trip in October. It is a bit far from the Penn station but easy to access to the subway. They offered complimentary breakfast and it was great. I will come back here next time.,5
977, October 2019,No reply to emails,"I have now emailed this hotel three times,over the last week from the UK, regarding our forthcoming booking. I am disappointed that I have not received a reply as I only asked simple question. Are there tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms or alternatively on the floors for guests and if not can one be arranged. We are a family travelling with children. Have I made the right choice with this hotel or am I going to be further disappointed by the lack of communication and service, given the high service charges. I do hope not.",1
978, October 2019,Great location and friendly staff,"The hotel is located near Time Square which is very convenient. The staff was very friendly and check in was a breeze! However, the room is quite small but clean and room doesn’t have fridge. Would still recommend",5
979, October 2019,Staff and Customer Service is Absolutely Horrendous,"ABSOLUTELY DO NOT RECOMMEND. The customer svc is absolutely ATROCIOUS! I did a ton of research for my upcoming trip to NY, & this hotel seemed really ideal. So I called to ask a couple of general questions. The person who answered could not answer the questions, said only the front desk could. They transferred me to the front desk. THE FRONT DESK DOES NOT EVER ANSWER THE PHONE. So I tried the concierge. They don't know. So they bounce me back to the Front Desk, who never answered. I got bounced back again to the concierge, who bounced me back to the reservation line, where they didn't know. When I dialed back again to try again & went through the operator, THE OPERATOR HUNG UP ON ME TWICE!!! They have caller ID, & she decided I was an inconvenience. SERIOUSLY? What the heck",1
980, October 2019,Disappointed,"The location is the only quality about this hotel that is convenient. Very tight room, limited storage, cold room, disappointment in the quality of service the hotel provides and the difficulty getting the people who work here to keep their word and assist us has been a major issue. I have to say that this is my last time here. I was not impressed with the hotel layout and tight accommodations but was willing to work with it. Quality of service is a must for me and this hotel and its staff failed to provide it. I don't advise anyone to stay in this hotel while visiting New York.",2
981, October 2019,Disappointed,"The location is the only thing that I liked about this hotel. In every hotel I've stayed in there's always a water bottles in the room but here i found a water pouch and no idea where to fill it from ""bathroom water tap maybe"" The receptionists had overall a dismissive demeanor.",3
982, October 2019,I am in the Twilight Zone,"I will be succinct: It is currently 62 degrees with an expected low of 52 degrees in New York. I was willing to overlook the exceptionally tight accommodations, the dirty elevators, employees who look very unhappy, and the slow luggage delivery (it was over an hour), but MY ROOM IS FREEZING!!! I called to complain, and was told that the heat wasn't working, and they would send up a space heater. Ninety minutes later, I requested a manager at the front desk. It was explained that there is no heat anywhere in New York until October 15; today is October 11. I inquired about the space heater, and was told they don't supply space heaters, ""I don't know who you talked to..."" She offered to send an engineer ""in 10 minutes"" to my room to survey why it is cold. That was over an hour ago.",1
983, October 2019,Probably not first choice !,"This is a bare bones, no frills hotel, located in a great part of mid-town. The rooms are clean, but tiny. There is limited storage safe, so we left our things in the suitcases. We had to ask for Kleenex and wash cloths which weren't in the room. Staff was friendly and promptly supplied the items.",3
984, October 2019,Poor Standards,There are better accommodations for this price point. Due your due diligence. One positive is great location- stone throw from subway and usual tourist attraction- TSq and Theatre District etc. Rooms need refreshing.,2
985, February 2019,It just works!,"This is a great hotel with a perfect location near Times Square. It is moderately priced and it is totally worth every penny. I’ve stayed here many times and the hotel has met my expectations every single time. All the rooms I stayed in have been quiet, clean and very nice. Oh yes, this hotel is big and busy but isn`t that what NYC is all about. ;)",5
986, September 2019,Upscale hotel convenient to Times Square theaters,"This hotel was the perfect location for easy access to Broadway theaters, local restaurants and other midtown tourist attractions. Rooms are comfortably appointed with all the basics. The lobby bar has a nice continental breakfast and limited menu for casual dining but the City Kitchen food court is adjacent to the lobby and provides a limited but convenient selection of other dining options.",4
987, September 2019,Bad service and dirty room,"The Best thing about This Place is the location and wifi! Room is old, not clean enough to the money you pay and the breakfast is a joke og eat out instead. Our first Night we had to stay at another hotel because they give our room to someone else because they want to stay 1 Night more!?! They pay our first Day but still we didnt expect after our long Fligh to go from one place to another and the Day after back again!",2
988, September 2019,Very unhappy stay at Row NYC,Row NYC is my go to hotel while in NYC. Friend wakes up at 5am to use our hotel room bathroom and gets trapped in. After finding hotel staff; he’s rescued 30 minutes later. Night manager's handling of the issues was unacceptable. My worst Row NYC experience.,2
989, October 2019,ROW NYC,"Location is great, just around the corner of Times Square, and walking distance of everything. But main entrance, elevators, hallways, carpets and rooms are dirty and smell really bad!! Internet connection in rooms is really bad.",3
990, October 2019,EXCELLENT HOTEL,For a quick in and out of NYC while going to comic-con this is a great place to stay. Front desk was courteous and efficient and rooms were clean. We arrived early before check in and stored our luggage until later in the evening and when we checked out stored it again until late in the evening and had no issues doing this which was a tremendous advantage since we were not near our hotel most of the day,4
991, September 2019,A Holiday to Remember,"I stayed here in September with my boyfriend, turned Fiancé during our stay 🤗 we had an amazing trip and fitted loads in. The Hotel was lovely staff were helpful and did their job, rooms and halls were cleaned every day. Room was a fair size and perfect for just us two. Air conditioning unit quite load and view wasn’t great from our room, but we’re in New York I expected to be surrounded by buildings! One complaint I will make was upon arriving back home to the UK our friends wanted to surprise us on our engagement with a bottle of bubbly and emailed the hotel on our first day of a 5 day stay and this never got noticed therefore we didn’t get our little surprise-no biggie as had the best time anyway. Perfect location for picking up the hop on bus, this is a must to see the city",4
992, September 2019,Disappointing Room and Poor Hospitality!,"Location is great - close to Times Square, but that's about it!! Room was small and had a strange odor. Our request for another room was ignored by guest services and the GM. The front desk lady was sympathetic but said her manager could not do anything for us. She said they would send up housekeeping to freshen the room but that never happened!! I was happy it was only a one night stay and glad and to check out!",2
993, October 2019,Room was nice,I really enjoyed my stay. Room was nice with a awesome view. I was at the 14th floor. Very quiet and bed was comfortable. I wasnt crazy about the pillows as they were extremely soft but all in all it was okay for the night.,5
994, October 2019,Do not stay there in New York,Must be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.My so called Deluxe Room was less than basic. Whilst it was clean it was a small room with an ill fitting metal sliding door to the bathroom. I would not give it a 1 star rating,1
995, November 2018,fantastic location,"Visited New York last month for a solo trip and stayed this location for two days and it was an amazing time here. This was my wonderful time ever!! Absolutely, wonderful customer service and very helpful and friendly staff. Room service was ok and food was good. Very nice hotel for the price. Excellent selection for food and drink in all their vendors. Nice rooms and well-organized place. The view was very beautiful from the balcony and fresh air refreshes your mind and mood!! Thanks Row NYC,it was definitely a great experience for me!!",4
996, October 2019,Great location,"The hotel is in a great location. The front desk was incredibly helpful from booking to directions. The breakfast was perfect. Eggs, pastry, coffee, all was delicious. The luggage storage workers were outstanding. I’d definitely stay there again. The only drawback was the hallways were spooky since they were so dark.",5
997, September 2019,Great location,"The Row is in a great location to several theaters and great restaurants. Rooms are small but clean, and beds are comfortable. We had a discount for our room which made it more of a bargain compared to standard NY prices.",4
998, September 2019,Row in the City,"Great Hotel.Centrally located. But the elevator didn't sound so safe and sometimes when busy there is a lot of people waiting for it. The room walls are not sound proof, so I could hear my neighbours making noise every night.",4
999, September 2019,Decent hotel but pricey,Excellent location if you want to be right in the mix of the musicals and Times Sq. Personally it was too mad around there for us in terms of the amount of people. I was expecting hectic but it really was a step up from that. Room is fine but the location also raises the price. Don't expect a 5 star experience on terms of arrival you carry your own bags. Basically felt like quite an expensive Premier Inn but we hardly spent any time there.,3
1000, September 2019,Stay away from this ROW!,"The only positive with employees at this location were the two gentlemen that we dropped our luggage with when we arrived prior to check in. They were pleasant, courteous, and very helpful. Check in was ridiculous. Ferdinanda (?) was in a foul mood and obviously doesn't like her job... I always try to be friendly but when met with such a surly disposition at the start of a fun weekend I was very disappointed. The morning after the first night and we're trying to get out and explore the city, however after the shower, with no water pressure at all, I go to dry my hair and the hair dryer doesn't work. Call guest services and they said 5 minutes. After 30 minutes I called back and asked if perhaps we could run down and grab it, they said no, can't allow that, so I asked if they",1
1001, October 2019,Logistics isn’t their strong point,"We stayed here sep 28-oct 2. - neighbors door was so close it woke us up when they entered and exited - Their over charged “fee” stated it included collapsible water bottles - these were plastic take out cups. - check in line up is constantly lined up - baggage storage guys demanded a tip in their box - we had 2 packages sent here and they charged us an astronomical fee ($156 Canadian) for “handling”, and when we went to pick it up (tracking showed it arrived) and we were told they didn’t have it, then showed them the signed name then the story changed, then said it would be an hour to find. When the second one arrived we went to pick it up 20 mins after arrival and they lost it again. - cleaning staff asked us when we left for the day if we would be ok skipping service. -",2
1002, September 2019,Hotel stay,Overall our stay at the Row was very good. We really were only there long enough to sleep after touring all day long. It was very secure. At night time there was security at the elevators making sure you had a room at the hotel.,4
1003, September 2019,Getaway,Only one outlet in the entire hotel room worked for 3 people staying in the room trying to charge phones at night to be out and about all day just did not work for us. The room also could have been cleaner especially the bathroom area. The floor looked like it had not been cleaned in a while. Very dusty,3
1004, September 2019,Location,"Amazing location, rooms are small but about right for nyc rooms. Very clean trendy lobby. If watching a play you likely cannot find a better location. Nice breakfast restaurant and plethora of places to eat near by. Worth walking a few block to Hell’s Kitchen for far more affordable restaurants than the places to eat near hotel",4
1005, September 2019,Great Location!!!,"My family and I enjoyed our stay. It was perfect walking distance to everything we did, Big Bus, Shopping, visiting GMA, Ippudo Ramen, metro train, Amtrak etc., Buddy's cake shop, our Lion King Broadway show. I am looking forward to coming back and will definitely re-book at this hotel.",5
1006, June 2019,"Rude cleaning staff barge into rooms, mould everywhere, smells like cigarettes","I stayed at The ROW and had a terrible experience. After I checked in, I went to my room and jumped in the shower. As I was showering, housekeeping banged on the door. I told them from the shower that I was inside and that the room was already clean (I just checked in, shouldn't she know that??). 5 minutes later, I was on the bed and she just barged in. Thankfully the room was so small that I could reach for the door and held it. She still pushed the door!! Why? Of course I was aware that this could be just be one bad housekeeper so I called to the desk to complain. When I checked out a couple of days later, a couple of hours before I was due to check out, a different housekeeper walked straight in. I emailed a formal letter to complain, was not offered any compensation for what",1
1007, September 2019,Row NYC,"Good choice for midtown stay - the staff is friendly and accomadating for our complicated travel plans. The price is high, but that is NYC. The room we had looked over 8th Ave and that view was great. Rooms a bit worn but clean and comfortable. Would definitely consider staying again for our next trip.",4
1008, September 2019,Great location,Handy to everything. All staff very friendly and very helpful Very nice hotel for the price. Excellent selection for food and drink in all their vendors Convenience store well equipped and open 24 hours Would recommend this hotel!!!!!!,4
1009, September 2019,Great location,"This hotel is in an awesome location could not be better if you are attending any Broadway shows. The rooms are small,,,but it is NY. The conditions of the rooms are good...a little worn...but clean. Breakfast was to be included in the reservation I made. I needed to inquire about this. It was not offered. The breakfast consisted of a pastry, beverage (coffee, tea or juice) and a piece of fruit. We were allowed to check-in prior to 4 o'clock - fabulous! Disappointment - I left a watch in the room :(. Pretty sure it was in the safe. I have called twice to inquire...no luck. I asked what their procedure is when they come across a locked safe...whether found by a guest or cleaning staff...no response. I am guessing there is a protocol for locked safes.",3
1010, September 2019,Charcuterie before Moulin Rouge,So I recently stumbled upon district m bar. Its conveniently located in the theater district. The hidden gem is tucked away in the mezzanines corner at row nyc. We decided to grab a bite to eat before seeing a show. Service was fast and friendly. Elias has the most adorable personality. Oh the drinks were phenomenal.,5
1011, September 2019,Spare but THERE!,"Row NYC is situated right on 8th Ave between 44th and 45th and is within walking distance of most of the theatre district. Its accommodations are spare (no fridge or much space to move around) but comfortable and the hotel has an ingenious elevator system that delivers you right to your floor with very little wait, even for other passengers. I highly recommend it for the price and location!",4
1012, September 2019,September in NewYork,"Excellent location, friendly and helpful staff; some services that can be improved such as mandatory purchase of packages such as wifi, gym, water included in the service hardly usable and far from the room.",3
1013, September 2019,Enjoyable,The Row is a great hotel; location is perfect for Broadway; staff pleasant and professional; we will probably arrange another visit at this property; a negative is that we were unable to access and obtain the shuttle voucher to LGA.,4
1014, September 2019,Great Location,"Clean room, food and drink located on property, located within walking distance to Times Square and Subway. The barn door on the bathroom wasn't sound proof and the door slid open once in awhile. Beds are super comfortable.",4
1015, September 2019,Stay away,"I checked in very late at night. Imagine my surprise when the first room I was assigned was already occupied by another guest! Then the 2d room I was assigned was also already occupied! If it hadn't been so late I would have left then. But, having no alternate hotel, I accepted the 3d room assignment, which, fortunately, was an unoccupied, but unpleasant room that reminded me of a dreary college dorm.",1
1016, September 2019,poor,"Bad treatment. Rude staff. Only real benefit is the location. Very small room and tiny bathroom. When I asked about this facility fee and the possibility of not using it I was treated aggressively and left me waiting for a supposed ""system crash"" for 15 minutes. Would never go back",2
1017, September 2019,The Row (Milford Plaza),"Great location. Very good for all of the shows. Close to the subway, many very good places to eat from low cost family to hi end first class places. Food and rink reasonable in the attached shops. A coffee at $4.50 in the morning bar location seems a bit high.",5
1018, July 2019,"Perfect location, perfect price!","I had a rough time coming through immigration, it was my first time taking a train and I had my family with me. We walked from the subway station , I think Penn, to Row...it was far-ish but seeing that we lost our luggage (yes it was a really terrible experience), a wonderful walk through the majestic city was amazing. We arrived at ROW, the line was long as it was check in time but I got a call from work (yes the boundary lines were crossed, I am on vacation), so the phone call kept me occupied and annoyed. I arrived at the front desk and met ROB! Such a breath of fresh air, he was so kind and friendly, gave us a better room and supplied a kettle for my son's milk. I loved the security of the place, because it was quite busy....the house cleaning crew was also very polite.",5
1019, September 2019,Location the only Positive,"Location was excellent. That's pretty much where the positive ends. Upon booking via their website the cost states ""includes taxes"". Was not the case and paid a hell of a lot more. No water pressure. Shower consisted of drips of water. Room was shockingly dirty. Paint peeling, what looked like damp or water marks, dusty. Iron supplied but no ironing board. Simple tea and coffee facilities (kettle) would even go a long way. Not enough power points in the room.",2
1020, September 2019,Row at time square,"the hotel has a good location, the bedrooms are small, the bathrooms are not comfortable, not to mention the beds, they are very uncomfortable. the bed mattress were two singles.....nothing more to say.......It is an expensive hotel for the quality offered.",2
1021, September 2019,Brown Water in the Shower,"Poor - customer service, small bathroom and questionable safety practices. The bathroom is so small your a 5'11 male is not able to properly seat in the toilet. The water from the shower came out brown during my stay and stain the towel brown. The front desk only provided a 20.00 credit, based of the fact the maintenance did not have an reports of problems with water. I guess the photos i provided did not provide enough merit to have hotel conduct an investigation.",2
1022, September 2019,Our Go-To Hotel when visiting NYC,"We love the ROW NYC. If is so convenient to the Broadway theaters which is a primary attraction for us when we head to NYC. The rooms are smaller - more European sized, but they are clean. The staff is very helpful. We love the international flair when listening to some many languages in the elevators and the lobby. The continental breakfast suits us very well. Having the food court entrance right inside the hotel is another wonderful convenience. We have stayed at the ROW at least four or five times and will be going back again when we travel to NYC again.",5
1023, November 2018,weekend break,"Loved this hotel very central to everything we wanted to see perfect location very clean and staff very helpful, beds were very comfortable and spotless amenities in the room were plentyful and lovely.",5
1024, September 2019,Okay- could be better,"The room lacked some things that I thought in 2019 should almost be expectations. No hooks or bars in the bathroom for me to hang anything on. Plenty of room for a small refrigerator, the outlets were loose struggled with plugging some things in and the plug stain in the outlet",3
1025, September 2019,Great location!,The beds were so comfortable and I especially liked the black out drapes. Would of been nice to have been able to open the window a crack tho just to hear the sounds of the city. Amazing view and wonderful staff.,3
1026, September 2019,Location location location,"Location is great, this was the main reason for choosing this hotel for the second time. Room is small but convenient. The gym is great. The only downside for us were the darkened corridors. The presence of a security guy in front of the lifts was reassuring.",4
1027, September 2019,Disappointed,"I know it's New York the big apple etc... but my god does the row hotel suffer from delusion of grandeur 4 star more like a 2 at best. on arrival the hotel staff were just ok. the room I stayed In 1125 has to be the most noisy room in the world I got no sleep for 3 nights with ear plugs. Because there is a the biggest fan in the world just outside the window. Then and this is a new one on me when you book a hotel room you pay the price and you think that's that no no they have invented a new way to take money from your pocket ""facility fees"" what a joke 250 dollars for my stay but how kind of them you get 54 dollars when you leave but when checking out the receptionist didn't know anything about this .we had to come back a hour later to collect our money. how many people",2
1028, September 2019,Business travel to NYC,"i arrived at midnight and the hotel was overbooking, i didn't get my ordered room but totally different one with no view as was ordered. the front desk was so unhelpful, i slept the night and left the property the hallways was so dirty, the room so small, the bath was so unpleasant",1
1029, September 2019,Good Hotel Stay,Love the hotel location with lots of food around the hotel. Hotel Staff is friendly and helpful. Security is tight. Check in and checkout is efficient. Find the hotel lift abit narrow. Overall Great Stay,4
1030, September 2019,Elevator does not service this hotel adequately,"The rooms are good, the elevator is the problem. I am not sure what the hotel can do to address this issue, but it is never appropriate to spend more than 2-4 minutes waiting for an elevator. I have stayed here 2 times and it was the same both times…. literally 10-15 minutes to wait for the elevator….. weird",2
1031, September 2019,Decent for the price,"This was a nice hotel well located to Broadway shows. Check in was good however we just beat a bus load of people coming to the hotel. We chose this hotel for location and price. The people at the hotel were friendly and especially the bellmen outside. They were exceptional. The room was clean and nice. We had a problem with the TV and called guest services - No Answer. We called concierge - Voicemail. We got through to an operator and someone was up to fix the problem within 5 minutes. There is no room service so in the morning we called guest services and concierge to find out if there was coffee in the lobby - same problem. There is coffee in the lobby by the way. The biggest issue to me is if you face out on 8th Avenue as we did, it is very noisy with horns and",3
1032, September 2019,Good if you are on a budget though it has many disadvantages,"I arrived in the hotel with my family at 4am and after a long flight we were tired and just wanted a quick check in. When we got to the front desk, there was no queue and the receptionist was there. The moment she saw us, she went away for 10 minutes. Then, she came back and without saying a word to us she started fixing a printer. Finally, she greeted us in an impolite way and checked us in with the worst attitude ever. We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights, the room was small but reasonable for NYC. The room was cleaned daily but this aspect could be improved. The location is marvellous, close to everything you need in New York. After a couple days, we kept noticing “weird” guests around the hotel and in the lifts, crying babies, women yelling and even smoking weed at the",3
1033, September 2019,Too expensive for such a low quality,The noisiest elevators. We were in a room next to the elevators. The bfast people were really nice but the people at the reception quite rude. It sounded like the metro was passing by the room all night long. The location was great though!,2
1034, September 2019,Absolutely disgusting,"This room is covered in mold and dust which I happen to have an extreme allergy to. I’m overpaying for a room that is literally making me ill. How hard is it to spray some bleach to kill the mold instead of leaving it to grow, also not too hard to have your cleaning staff actually dust. this place is not sanitary to stay in especially for those with severe allergies. I would leave if I hadn’t already dished out all the money upfront and I was charged additional $25 a night for an upgrade- how in the world is this an upgrade, yes please upgrade me to a moldy and dusty room please and yes do charge me an additional $40 a night fee to breathe in these extra amenities of dust and mold, but don’t worry the headaches and migraines come free",1
1035, September 2019,"If you want to catch athlete's foot, this place is for you....","As I write this review on Trip Advisor, I'm looking at the breakdown of # of ratings...and trying to comprehend in what universe this hotel could obtain 7,000+ five star reviews. I must be missing something or had bad luck. Let me begin... The location is great and right by Times Square, theaters, and a Shake Shack across the street. But let's get into the hotel itself.... I do not mind the small rooms at all - after all, it is New York City. And maybe this hotel was good when it first opened. But oh sweet baby Jesus - this is the dirtiest hotel I have ever seen. Bathroom - dirty and gross hair everywhere. Desk - dirty. Carpet - don't even get me started. Sticky. Every surface including walls. Dirty. Elevators - trash in it, smelled. Hallways - you guessed it,",1
1036, September 2019,Best place in NYC,"I stay at the Row NYC whenever I can. I travel to NYC for work and pleasure, and the staff, location, rooms, views, and price make it the best hotel in NYC. Christina at the front desk is always courteous and remembers me. Keep up the great work, Row team!",5
1037, September 2019,No value for money.,"The room was really small, they do say it, but still.. leaves you disappointed. The person sleeping next to the air conditioner will get all the cold and probably get sick. There ir almost no space to open your bags. The room was basically clean, but they have really old carpets. Bathroom has a sliding door, it keeps sliding back open. On a positive note, the locations is perfect.",3
1038, September 2019,Bad deal,"Only good thing was location. The rest was poor and expensive and I would never go their again not recommend it for anyone. Small, noisy, poor quality. Would not accept our Australian credit card.rude",1
1039, September 2019,Too little for the money,"The room was very small. They DO advertise that you might only get a double bed, but we were still disappointed. There was no coffeemaker, not even an electric kettle. Big bummer for us! The room was basically clean, but there was a dirty Q-Tip on the bathroom floor. On a positive note, the front desk was friendly and the location was perfect!",3
1040, September 2019,Our NY home.,"The Row NYC is our first stop when visiting New York. This property has exceeded our expectations every time we have stayed there. Customer service, cleanliness of rooms, location and price cannot be beat",5
1041, September 2019,Worst Hotel Ever,"We had High Expectations of this Hotel after seeing photos on line we couldnt been more wrong we arrived early hours morning travelling from Las Vegas when we finally got to our room we were shocked realy small room filthy dirty carpets, air vents, cracks in walls, old pipes showing everywhere no proper door on Bathroom not even lock even Hallway carpets were Dirty and the elavators we didnt want to realy stay there might be stantard room but you do expect it to be clean and decent we have complained to our travel company.",1
1042, September 2019,Piss smell from the front door to the room,The first room they gave us was by the elevator and the bed rattle with the use of it. Loud and smelly. They gave us another room and the bathtub was moldy while the hand towels had yellow stains. There were 2 security guards preventing the entrance to 2 intoxicated men. Worst stay ever,1
1043, September 2019,Central location,Basic bedroom and bathroom but has a central location to the theatre and Times Square The bar and breakfast amenities are more than adequate Altogether somewhere to rest up for a short stay in a busy area,3
1044, September 2019,The location can't be beat.,"The location is the best you'll find in Midtown Manhattan for sure. The prices reflect that, as do the room sizes. The lobby/common areas are beautiful but the rooms are very 'no frills' in that there isn't a Keurig/coffee maker, mini-fridge or a proper chair in the room (there is an ottoman with the counter space acting as a 'desk'. If you are waiting on your 4 pm check-in try to use the restroom before arriving as they close the only ones from 3-3:30 daily for cleaning and the nearest alternative is less than ideal. The location though is so great that these are minor inconveniences.",4
1045, September 2019,Affordable Hotel in the Heart of Broadway!,"I was very pleasantly surprised by Row NYC! A wonderful hotel, the rooms were small but very clean, comfortable beds, lovely food court connected to the lobby. I booked directly with the hotel online and got an amazing deal pretty last minute. Very affordable for New York City. The best part is the location. Right in the heart of Times Square and Broadway, so easy to walk to any theatre, which is what I was there for! I highly recommend and would stay here again.",4
1046, September 2019,Location,"This place is perfect if you're planning on seeing a play or going to a concert. I had a short walk to all my events. The hotel itself was nice, carpets in the halls needs to be cleaned and freshened. The rooms were nice and cozy. I paid for a room with a view of the cut and I had a view of 8th st. from the 8th fl. Wasn't to impressed.",4
1047, September 2019,Friendly and helpful staff,"The service was excellent.. The staff very friendly and helpful. Check out time is reasonable. The rooms could be cleaner, especially the bathroom. The bedding was clean. The mattress wasn't the most comfortable. I had no problems with the wifi service. I love the option to hold your luggage after checkout without a fee. Multiple food options with the attached food court.",3
1048, September 2019,Terrible customer experience,"The hotel cancelled my hotel on the flight to New York and then it took a week to get the charges off my credit card. I had to email, call, and go in person, and it still took five full days. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone.",1
1049, August 2019,Good location,"Rob on reception was amazingly helpful after we had a problem with another hotel. We had an upgraded room which was still on the small side but lovely and comfortable and clean. I unfortunately had an accident when the shower seat collapsed under me as it was broken at its wall mounting. Despite reporting this nothing was done. No repairs were made (I accept this would be difficult as it was a complete all in one plastic unit), but we were not offered an alternative room. More disappointing was that at no time was any concern shown for my well being and I have had no contact from them since my return home and I am still struggling as the fall seriously aggravated an existing back problem I have. My bruising was impressive! Back to the positive, good price compared to other",3
1050, September 2019,"Good place to stay a night, when you come for a show on Broadway","Perfect location, just in the heart of the city, few steps from theaters. Clean room. Not expensive and not luxurious. A lot of food places around, some of them accessible without leaving the building, some with discounts for the hotel residents. But I felt like in the factory - people are doing their job, but because of huge amount of people served nobody is making effort to be nice and friendly. When we asked for breakfast, we were showed a list of food place names, where we could get discount. No tea/coffee facilities in the room. and still over 30$ facility fee applied.",3
1051, September 2019,Avoid this hotel,The service at the Row NYC is literally non existent. There was no hot water available on one of the days during my stay and the water was brown. We were not notified and when I called the front desk told me it was a known issue & hung up. There were a number of times during my 9 night stay that I tried calling the front desk and nobody answered.,1
1052, September 2019,Row hotel Experience,Wouldn’t recommend this place to anyone especially young girls. They did nothing to fix the situation of a male and woman trying to get into our room at night through the connecting door. The rooms were so small and dirty.,1
1053, September 2019,Theatre District gem,"Close to the Shubert Theatre and to Times Square. Only a mile or so from Penn Station if you want to take the train from Newark Intl. to midtown Manhattan. I walked to Hudson Yards to see ""The Vessel"" and to St. Patrick's Cathedral.",5
1054, September 2019,Dissapointing,"Great location, no doubt about that. Rooms terribly small. No fridge, tea or coffee facilities. Air never worked on arrival. No hot water on second morning. Two people unable to walk past each other next to bed. One person in bathroom at a time. Please save money and stay further away.",1
1055, August 2019,"Not recommend, I won't come back to the hotel.","Good location. However, unfriendly service - they were not patient and not nice. They Took extra money (11$) on small package that I ordered from Amazon although I paid extra money (~300$ in addition to the room payment) on fee and facilities. Not recommend, I won't come back to the hotel.",2
1056, September 2019,Fantastic Place to Stay,"My husband and I needed a place to stay after arriving in NYC, so we found this gem and after reserving a room, easily found the hotel and checked in. The check in staff were great and we were given a room on the 27th floor, which had awesome views and had a great feel and vibe! The room was very pleasant, with clean linen and a clean bathroom with lots of towels. The bed was extremely comfortable. We asked for an extra pillow and it was brought up rather quickly. We loved the location and even though we didn't book breakfast, we found it easy to grab something outside the hotel (There is a good breakfast/cafe/bar section within). Starbucks was a few doors down, and there were lots of cheap food choices available. We could refill water bottles on our floor each day from the",5
1057, September 2019,Great Location,"It is really perfect located, near to a lot of sightseeing-locations. The ROW is a little bit spacy and not just a typical hotel. Rooms are not very huge, but that is NYC-like. We would rerun our stay",5
1058, September 2019,Hit and Miss,"Before my stay at the ROW I had read reviews and was struck by the contrast both 1star and 4star reviews posted by different guests on the same day. How could that be? Having stayed for six nights I now understand, the hotel is very hit and miss. A real mixed bag. If my visit was rated on the first night/day it would be a 1star miss. If my visit was rated on the next few days it would be a 3 star hit. Hence the overall average. Misses first room assigned to me: small sized, two broken sockets, two broken lights. Dark corridors and gloomy dark lifts. Majority of front desk staff miserable bordering on rude. No hot water first morning. No cash payments at breakfast one morning system down Hits second room assigned to me an upgrade by smiling front desk staff member. Decent",3
1059, September 2019,Would not stay again,Booked three rooms for myself and colleagues. Two weren't cleaned properly. Mine hadn't been checked as electrics weren't working. Hotel staff largely helpful and changed my room but they were clearly frustrated by being let down by colleagues. Third morning was no hot water for a shower.,2
1060, September 2019,Just Okay.,"I don’t often do negative reviews but other than the location there wasn’t much positive about the hotel. We paid an awful lot for it but it disappointing, the radiator in the bath room was gross, the bathroom itself was so tiny and the shower was weak. I could go on and on but there isn’t much point.",2
1061, September 2019,Average Hotel in a great location logistically,"Average hotel, but in a great location logistically . Close access to everything. The main entrance, lobby, restaurant area was nice. The hallways to the rooms are very dated. However, who spends their whole trip in the hotel the whole time. We will probably be booking this hotel again.",3
1062, September 2019,Terrible experience - do not recommend,"Where do I start. Location is great, rooms are small - that’s expected in NYC. However - our bath had black mould and was not clean, the carpet had not been vacuumed, the back of the floor had some kind of muck splashed all over it. Took 24 hours for someone to respond - they replaced the caulking on the tub, but left the bathroom dirtier than before. AND left our towels on the floor amongst the dirt. The hallways are extremely dimly lit to the point of not being safe. No coffee maker or water in the room. We were charged 40.00 a night “facilities fee” for a plastic water bag and wifi, as well as another 6.00 Javits fee, and 3 different taxes. On checkout, we noticed an extra 26.00 charge for food, and have been charged 56.00 US on top of our room charges. We have made",1
1063, September 2019,Needs work in shower,The shower curtain in room was 6” too short. The water made the floor soakig wet. Used extra to wood up but dangerous & slippery. Laundry service was delayed the hotel forgot to send it. Then charged 50% for fast service that got removed,3
1064, September 2019,Great price and location!,"Great spot for the price! I expected a fairly small room in New York, but I thought the size was pretty standard compared to other cities that I had been in so it was great. I had heard the halls were a little dark and creepy, and then there are murals that are also a little creepy at the end of the hall which I thought were kind of funny. I didn't mind at all. The rooms were clean, the location was perfect - very convenient to the subway and bus as well as Times Square and great restaurants - so for the price, it was awesome!",5
1065, September 2019,Terrible place,"I really wanted to like this hotel. The location is fantastic but the staff are the absolute worst. They forgot to send my parents luggage to their room. The water in the bathroom (both mine and my parents’) was cold (no hot water for showers) and very brown. The check-in staff is not helpful or friendly. The noise is constant. The rooms are tiny and although clean, you feel like you can’t move even between the bed and walls. Lastly, my father who is traveling from another country, was trying to plan his ride back to the airport from The ROW to JFK for Wednesday. Upon just merely asking one of the hotel employees for help, this man became verbally abusive with my father. My dad, in his seventies, is the most polite and kind person you could wish to meet, but this employee",1
1066, September 2019,Terrible,"The room was filthy dirty. There were boogers on the bed, hair and dust on the desk, and a dirty shower. Management does not care about the hotel and the customers. I ended up cleaning my own room. I have stayed at cheaper hotels in nyc that are actually clean. The workers could not tell me the last time they had an inspection because it was so long ago",1
1067, September 2019,Times square stay,"The hotel was in a great location and the room was clean and comfortable. The decor was fun and current. We went to see the Harry Potter play and the location was perfect for the intermission. We were able to check in, relax and get back to the second half of the play with plenty of time.",5
1068, September 2019,HIDDEN FEES,I booked a room for Friday and Saturday night I was supposed to get into the city in the afternoon but after my flight was delayed I didn’t get to the hotel until about 11. It was already almost 10 people in line and only one check in attendant so we took over an hour before I finally got to my room. And very shortly after I was checked in they were courteous enough to slip a note under the door detailing another $140 something dollars in taxes and fees that were Not disclosed. The gym was small with a few treadmills and a few dumbbells but not much else. The breakfast was not included and they said that they would allow me to check out late but when I requested a later check out they said that they cannot make that happen. Would not recommend this place especially for the,2
1069, September 2019,Broadway Bound,"If you are looking for a hotel and want to be close to the Broadway shows, then stop here! The location is amazing and the rates are the best in town. Rooms are small, but you only need a bed right!?!",5
1070, September 2019,"Very close to Times Square - but that’s all folks!
(Also note there is an additional facility fee added daily)","The pros - it is centrally located next to Times square...but honestly speaking, that’s about it. I arrived to the hotel with luggage with the bell/door man simply telling me to take the elevator to reception and not even a slight offer to help. At reception the front office ladies we not even remotely interested in welcoming the guests. Also when checking in, no mention of the breakfast times or any of the facilities of the hotel or anything which is what you usually get at the reception. The hotel charges an extra facility fee just FYI and it is mandatory and added to the rate ( but not sure why at all considering they don’t mention facilities or care to explain it). Once checked in the receptionist merely pointed the direction of the elevator, again with a horrible attitude",2
1071, September 2019,Enjoyed the show....Enjoyed the hotel,Thanks to the staff for making our stay enjoyable. We loved being in the middle of all major theatre and restaurants. No 🚕 necessary. Great breakfast was included with room. We also like the elevator system,4
1072, August 2019,NYC trip,"Myself and my partner and 2 friends stayed here for two nights! Location is perfect right in the time square! Hotel is clean and tidy ! Everything is walking distance. Our room was cleaned by the time we had come back, it has a bar/ cafe down stairs which done some nice bagels and was priced reasonably, however you are surrounded by everything so we always ventured out to eat and drink and make the most of being in New York - when we return we will definitely stay in the hotel again.",5
1073, August 2019,Best Place Near Times Square To Stay,"I have always had a great experience at ROW NYC! I have been staying there for over 3 years. When I need a room in NYC, I only stay at ROW NYC and here is why; staff is always great, rooms are exactly what you need and nothing that you don't, the toiletries are my favorite of any hotel, everything is always clean (and I am a clean freak), all white rooms with a splash of color on one wall, great location, and you have an option of many different treats and eats right there.",5
1074, September 2019,"Beware of ""Facility Fees""","FYI to travellers, hotels like to advertise a lower price for room rental, and then tack on 'facility fees' for things that are listed as 'free' like wifi, etc. Feels like a dirty trick as you can't 'opt out' of these fees. It's really unfortunate that hotels like ROW NYC can't be more upfront with these fees, or provide an option to opt out.",2
1075, September 2019,Bill through door,Bill through the door at 1am woke everyone. Piece of paper getting shoved under the door makes a lot of noise seenly. Is it necessary? Can’t it be emailed or left during the day Hotel is basic but satisfactory,3
1076, September 2019,"Great location, fairly priced hotel","The ROW hotel has undergone a very successful facelift over the last few years and, as accommodation in Manhattan goes, is good value for your money. The location is excellent and the staff are friendly and helpful",4
1077, September 2019,Another wonderful visit,Our semi annual visit to NYC always starts at the Row NYC. The hotel is staffed by seriously service oriented staff. As returning customers we are greeted as long time friends. The property is well maintained and the rooms are certainly large enough to provide the guests with a sense of space that other nearby hotels do not. At one time The Lincoln (now the Row NYC) was the largest hotel in New York. I doubt that it still holds that title but it's big enough and special enough to make it a destination for anyone going to NYC. Its location in the theater district can not be over valued. Thanks again to Gezennia Cortez for her help in making this another memorable stay,5
1078, September 2019,Do not recommend at all,"Super unpleasant staff. Bad experience both checking in and asking to use the lobby bathroom... also, cheap plastic shower curtain in bathroom stunk up the whole bathroom, had to hold my breath every time i had to use the bathroom.",1
1079, September 2019,Our Stay at Row NYC - Hotel,"Had great stay, easy access to all entertainment locations. Can plan your daily travel trips, whether to take a cab or local metro or take a site seeing tour Bus, with this great hotel location. Easy walking distance to all great restaurants.",5
1080, September 2019,Good location and comfortable,"Spent 4 nights here and it is a great spot to place yourself to have easy access to all the great sites such as Times Square, Central Park, Pubs, Clubs and train lines. The room was cleaned every second day which I thought was strange and also the laundry service is very expensive. I suggest avoiding the laundry here as for example socks and jocks cost $4 each! They have love shows on the occasional night which is pretty cool and the staff are quite helpful.",4
1081, September 2019,The Row,Have no complaints this was my 4th time staying at the Row . We had late check out which was 2.30 . The lift system was very easy to use there was never a long wait on the lifts .we always had lovely greasy towels we were on the 26th with lovely views of the city I would definitely stay there again if I was to return to New York.,5
1082, September 2019,Great location and good hotel,"Very good location, rooms are clean, although they are too small, bathrooms were extremely small. Beds are very comfy, tv and internet are good, quiet rooms despite the location, and the overall experience is good",4
1083, September 2019,A nice stay,Comfy beds and nice hotel in a good location. The generator outside the bedroom window was very loud and constant so was irritating through the night. Was told a bottle of champagne would be waiting for my boyfriends 30th birthday surprise but unfortunately this never happened which was disappointing.,3
1084, August 2019,"Good Price, Excellent location, so-so quality","If you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a great location then this is the hotel for you. The rooms are small and very basic, nothing plush or special. The hallways are very dirty. The breakfast is nice.",4
1085, August 2019,Location is the only good thing about this hotel,"For too expensive for what we got. Called front desk 3 times and the phone just rang... no one answered. Rooms shabby with chipped paint on furniture and too dim lighting. Mattresses was horrible as if only on side had ever been slept on. I was told I could get a late check out which once the front desk actually answered the phone, declined to give me. The convenience store in the hotel tried to sell a roll of Tums for 8$ and then tried to haggle the price down to 7$ when I balked. If you are going to a Broadway show it is in the perfect location. But there are many other hotels you should chose. I will never stay there again.",1
1086, September 2019,Great location,Conveniently located near Times Square. We walked everywhere! Our room with 1 queen bed was spacious compared to my sister’s which had 2 beds & barely room to walk. We had a nice view of the theaters. The City Market inside the hotel had great food options reasonably priced.,5
1087, August 2019,Yesss!,"I really enjoyed my trip in NYC The hotel is perfectly situated ! If I come back in NYC I think I will book again with them. You can walk to Central Park (40 min), Times Square (5 min) it a real pleasure to walk in this city",4
1088, August 2019,Comfortable and clean,"This hotel was £50 a night cheaper than our other narrowed down choice so decided as a bed for the night it would be fine. That’s exactly what it is and should be seen as. Plus points : Room size was ok, typical city centre, and the bathroom compact. The bed for me was one of the most comfortable I’ve ever experienced and everything was clean. The decor was up to date but the building is very old and you can see where the paintwork had just been redone and redone over the last 100 years! But it was done, that’s the point. Downsides : The lifts? You are allocated a lift for your floor, so each time you have to wait for that lift - and sometimes it’s full!! It takes an age!! No facilities in the room and I am a tea girl, I NEED Tea in the mornings and to have to go out to get it",3
1089, August 2019,Excellent,"The Row Hotel is very conveniently located, in a 3-minute walk to Time Square .. within walking distance of all Manhattan attractions. The hotel room was not big but everything was clean and in good condition, cleaned servise was every day. The hotel was very pleased. I advise that hotel.",5
1090, September 2019,HORRIBLE,"This is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at. You are getting played if you stay here. there is lead paint, and dust everywhere. I would rather stay in a motel 6 I couldnt even use my wifi and I GUESS I AM GETTING CHAGED FOR TAX WHEN I LEAVE (65 dollars). HORRIBLE PLACE",1
1091, September 2019,Worst hotel in NYC,"We were suposed to be there for 4 nights, and we left before the 2nd, I've never stayed in a place so expensive yet so awful, the staff are very rude, the place smells like urine, there was no hot water, the beds are very uncomfortable and the AC makes a lot of noise. In summary I would rather sleep in the NYC subway",1
1092, August 2019,Good experiencie,We have spent an unforgettable week at this 4 star hotel well located in the middle of Manhattan. The subway is next door and you are one step away from everything to see on a first visit to New York.,5
1093, September 2019,Dust,"Only good thing about it it’s location....Very dusty..,and you barely can see through the window... try to work harder.. in general it’s just “ok” but I don’t think we are coming back... if all you care it’s just location ... then do it!",2
1094, August 2019,Great Location but bad Service,Great Location but service needs improvement - cleaners need to do a better job of cleaning the room . Guest services were non-responsive - I called 4 times in one day but never received the items i requested even though they said they would send it up. Front Desk staff were not very friendly at all,3
1095, September 2019,HOTEL FROM HELL!,"HOTEL FROM HELL! I am completely disgusted with the cleanliness of this hotel, along with the customer service. When I arrived, my room looked like it had not been cleaned in months. The sheets were dirty with stains on them, boogers on the bed, trash next to the pillow, dust all over the carpet, pubes all over the shower, and grime over the walls. To make matters worse, the electrical outlets did not work. When I complained to management, I was called a liar and after much complaining, the manager offered to send someone to clean my room. When the housekeeper arrived, I kindly asked if I could show her the issues I had with my room. She then screamed at me and said, “Get out.” I kindly advised that that was no problem, I just wanted to show her what was wrong with my room.",1
1096, August 2019,STAY AWAY- DO NOT EVER STAY HERE,"I had forgotten my passport in my hotel room. I had called the manager several times, as well as spoke with her in person. Though I was balling my eyes out, the staff failed to provide any customer service. They claimed they had searched the room twice and found nothing, only for the passport to be found the next day, not even 24 hours later. On top of this, they berated and lectured me as I stood in front of them crying. As a consequence, I had missed my flight to my residence in Germany, rebooked my flight, rebooked other accommodations, had my passport canceled, had an emergency travel document issued, have to get a new passport, and am stuck in NYC for 3 extra days. In total, the hotel's negligence has cost me over 2000 USD, psychological damage, as well as missed earnings.",1
1097, September 2019,Convenient Location but in Busy Area,"Hotel was very nice, however, in Times Square which is very busy and loud. Hotel room very quiet. No street noise. Breakfast simple but good. Very nice staff and very accommodating. Helped me with a special request and they delivered as promised.",4
1098, August 2019,Very Good location. Wifi service and breakfast not included,"We spent an excellent time at ROW NYC. Very clean, neat, and excellent location. Very sorry to know wifi service and breakfast were not included. Also, that if you sent some package to the hotel there would be a fee for reception.",4
1099, July 2019,Summer Vacation 2019,"Summer vacation with my family and the stay at Row NYC was the best. Staff was friendly and courteous. Hotel was clean and very organize. The hotel is in a great area and place, very close to Times Square. The food at the hotel restaurant was delicious and the lobby is relaxing and enjoyable. We would like to stay on our next to NY at Row NYC. The hotel was awesome!",5
1100, November 2018,Worst Hotel Stay Ever,"The room was so dirty that my wife did not even want to sit on the bed. We went to the desk to get another room and got the run around for over three hours, no exaggeration! After seeing the head of cleaning saying he would get things taken care of, went down an hour later and he denied talking to us. Horrible will never ever go back there!",1
1101, August 2019,"Very good, but missing small details","No water to drink at the room and no small refrigerator available on it either. That’s the only 2 things missing. Location is perfect, security and staff was friendly. I’ll be there again soon. Hope i get a refrigerator at my room.",4
1102, August 2019,Investlents et thé UNFCU,"This establishment is located near both the Time Square and the Central Park. You just get out and walk your way. Restaurants, coffeé shops, pubs and pizzerias are many and lovely. I found the room rates are reasonable for that very much visited corner of New York City.",5
1103, November 2018,Great location,Great location across from the port authority bus terminal and to the back of it is times square.cant ask for more central than this hotel. Lobby is very modern so are the rooms. One thing that bugged me was how slow the staff were at reception for dealing with people. Check in area is a nightmare.,4
1104, December 2018,Christmas break,Hotel was busy to say the least the hotel was clean rooms could have been better items broken and not cleaned every day but overall it’s was ok. reception was busy long lines of customers awaiting to be booked in on a plus side the young lady did give us tickets for a free breakfast for the wk ahead overall would’ve return to the row I think not.,4
1105, August 2019,Family Celebration in NYC,"We meet our son and family in NYC to celebrate a special anniversary and birthday. The location was great. We walked to the theater and most meals, and caught the subway right across the street. Since the remodel, the rooms are clean and fresh looking and were indeed clean. We were offered an upgrade for unsold rooms at a discounted price with bigger room and great view. There was security in the evenings to make certain only guests were allowed in the rooms. We liked the City Kitchen's food variety, and the front desk staff was friendly and helpful. We will be back.",4
1106, August 2019,"Excellent location, facilities charge- TOO HIGH!","Within a 5 minute walk of Times Square. Modern hotel with an art deco feel. Check in was a LONG frustrating process and the reception area had a very fusty, smelly aroma. Room was functional, had everything we wanted and was reasonably clean. In general, the hotel is in need of a little TLC. Facilities charge $78 for 2 nights. Wi-Fi is rubbish and unreliable, charge VERY steep for not a lot. Should have a wristband system for the gym, we had 2 nights here with NO intention of using THAT facility.",3
1107, August 2019,Review,"the location is really good, in the middle of everything and very near from times square. On the other side the room is too small but everything was clean. So it´s perfect for those who are all day on the street and return to the hotel just to sleep.",3
1108, August 2019,Could be cleaner.,Could do with a better clean. Sheets not changed during our weeks stay. Reception changed our friends room without prior notice. Promised room on same floor when we checked only then moved to 13 floors below when we went back to pick up door card and we’re not very friendly when challenged about it.,3
1109, August 2019,Would use again,"I had a great view. The room was clean and I have no complaints. It does not feel particularly personal but I needed somewhere convenient and reasonably priced, so this was great. The location is perfect and there is a bus shuttle to Newark just one block away.",4
1110, August 2019,GREAT- except for the bathroom...,"Location, hospitality, sense of security, etc were AWESOME. The toilet and sink were fine- cramped but I consider that par for the course for NYC but the bathtub was awful. There was enough black dirt (mold?!) that I wouldn't use the bathroom more than absolutely necessary. Not being able to shower on vacation, in the heat of summer in the city, is pretty uncomfortable. But seriously, other than the bathtub, the place was great. Friendly, helpful and good location for the run-of-the-mill NYC sites.",3
1111, August 2019,"Hidden fees, wireless is not free and Bathroom is smelly","We visited and stayed in the hotel for 3 nights. Upon check in the reception are busy and we understand is tourist season. We being told that check in is at 4 pm and have to come back for room card without any further explanation about wireless. Service wise is average does not feel welcoming. Once we got our card we went to the room and is expected small without view but the bathroom is smelly and shower bath does not drain properly. Wireless connected straight away without password and there are 2x empty water tube that we thought as a cups replacement for our water. None in the room that showed extra charged except if we want to do laundry. Our last night, the room was not clean when we arrived back around 20:00. On last morning before check out, a piece of paper slot under",2
1112, October 2018,Half way house like,"Ok so you see those dodgy places in the movies as a half way house and think sureley u would never book something like this... We needed a 1 night extra stay and the hotel we were in was fully booked, so we saw the rowe as a 4 star and opted to pay some $400 for the 1 night..it was some peak season crap. First up there is no one available to assist you with luggage.. then u make your way through the maze to the checkin and u pay...we were a few hrs early so we asked to store our luggage..normally free? The bell attendant wouldnt take our bags until we paid the tip? Wtf ..last i checked i can tip at the end if i liked your service? Ok next up we had to get to our room..the lifts were all broken except 1..so we spent 40 mins in line to get to our room..so you can imagine ..if",1
1113, August 2019,Family Vacation,"Apart from the location, the hotel is not quite great. There is lot of waiting time for elevators at the lobby and at the floors. There were occasions where I had to wait for 15 mins to get an elevator. The room was small but the bathroom was tiny.",3
1114, August 2019,Would not recommend,The staff at the front desk not friendly and quite rude. Rooms are small. No view. Room only gets cleaned at 4 PM. The lobby is crowded and noisy. Elevators take forever and are also crowded. Not a good experience,2
1115, February 2019,Excellent hotel,"THE GOOD: 1. Loved the room. nice roomy matches the price I paid for it. 2. Good strong water pressure. 3. Good cleaning service. 4. Near the theater district just next door two blocks from Time Square lots of restaurants shops around. THE BAD: 1. water ran black on morning for 1 hour, front desk did not pick up. 2. Calling the front desk is useless does not pick up phone. 3. Security is rude. CONCLUSION: I had a good time staying in this hotel.",4
1116, August 2019,best hotel in time square,"best hotel in time square, good service, good room, it's possible to connect to internet always. good position for underground, place and all ny activities. Nice bar and near there is a big room with some mini restaurant where it's possible dinner a lot of international and traditional food",4
1117, August 2019,Family Review,"Perfect room for a family: two double beds. Room nice with very nice view of the city (tested rooms at floor 11th and 19th). The staff of the hotel is very nice. Very good internet connection, free with no limitation to number of devices. Before elevators good security by hotel staff. Nice internal facilities with number of choice for breakfast and dinner. Perfect location having subways in 5 min. walking, Penn Station within 10 minutes... The centre of NY is at walking distance. Freedom Tower 20 minutes by bus). Really perfect to enjoy NY !",5
1118, August 2019,Birthday week,Very clean hotel! Good size bathroom with everything you need! Breakfast was included in the room package. The only negative for me is not having ice/vending machine on my floor. I had to go to 8th floor for ice.,4
1119, August 2019,Row NYC Hotel at the heart of the Theatre District,Everything you need for a great NYC experience is easily accessed from this location. The subway stop is right around the corner. Restaurant Row is just a couple blocks away. Theatres surround the hotel. Times Square is visible from many of the hotel rooms. Great hotel location!,5
1120, August 2019,seriously when in New York you shouldn't be in room,Nice location clean pleasant and safe. lots of costly parking close by. it seems they want me to write more before I can submit this review. right in times square area. they still want more. lots of restaurants close by price point covers all areas. lots of theatres too.,4
1121, August 2019,Vacation,We really enjoy staying at this hotel. The location works best for us. So close to Times Square and Central Park. Lots of restaurants nearby. Everything easy to get to. 28 floors so there are plenty of rooms. We like the security at night. Everyone friendly.,4
1122, August 2019,Small and cozy,"We chose the cheapest one queen bed room at the Row NYC hotel and sure enough it was very small. But the price was right, the location was great and it was clean enough. Our major complaint was that there was no bathroom fan so there was some evidence of damp conditions in the bathroom. The continental breakfast was just okay; we wouldn't have it again. Overall good experience though and good price for a Times Square hotel.",4
1123, August 2019,Row NYC,"Good value for tourist hotel in NYC. Excellent location for theater, comfortable, if small, NYC hotel room. Quiet room, comfortable bed, all essentials provided except in room coffee. Check was best we’ve experienced in NYC. Bar was mediocre for price: weak drinks, ambivalent service, have cocktails elsewhere.",4
1124, August 2019,Visiting The Big Apple,"Must see The Temtations (the musical) at the Imperial, also saw Sea Wall / A Life Hudson Theatre these are the best Souvenirs we took back 😎 Imperial theatre is just across the street from Row NYC We have good memories thanks to Row NYC and the staff.",5
1125, August 2019,"Awful staff, nightmare to get a $2.5K refund","Stay away! I don't usually leave any bad reviews and have tried all other avenues to resolve this issue, but the staff at the Row NYC has been unhelpful, unavailable and when called condescending. I arrived at the hotel with my adult daughter for a birthday weekend in the city. The room we got only had one small bed instead of the two beds we had booked through Reservations.com. The manager Anna Kay confirmed that they had no other rooms available but offered us a free cancellation without penalty if we find a room elsewhere. I booked at a nearby hotel and took her up on her offer. The front desk person screwed up a few times in handling my cancellation and tried to charge me fees at first but eventually managed to give me a $0 receipt. Six days later I found three additional",1
1126, June 2019,Sleepless in New York,"Our first impression on entering the hotel wasn't good, extremely loud music and lots of people, so much so that we could barely hear what the receptionist was saying. There are security checks before you can take the elevator, must show your hotel key. The bedding was ripped, we spotted that as soon as we entered the room, the room was quite small and there was lots of noise from all the air conditioning units. The corridors and entrance felt too dark. We were wakened by housekeeping at 8 am, even though we had a do not disturb sign on the door, on our day of departure we told housekeeping we were checking out that day and still had a few hours before we needed to checkout but they still kept coming back knocking on the door at least 4 times before we gave up and checked out",3
1127, August 2019,Average Hotel,"Great location but noise from busy streets until very late. Close to Times Square, Broadway shows, subway, shopping on 5th Avenue. Mattress was too soft. Carpet was old. Some towels were old. Price was high but comparable for location. Would try different hotel next time.",3
1128, August 2019,A hotel that is near everything.,"Eversince I stayed here in this hotel, I felt it was a home away from home. It is near in everything you need. Very accesible. Not to mention the price is approachable. The room is clean. The hotel staff are all friendly.",4
1129, August 2019,CANCEL! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!,"My husband and I stayed at this apparent ""4 star"" hotel. Wow! We were not expecting anything that we got during our stay here. From the minute we entered row and approached reception for check in, the woman would not even look at us when speaking. Okay, we passed that. Got into the most disgusting elevator ever, no worries. Got to our room... the carpets were stained, mould in the bathtub/shower, hair on the bedsheets and in the bathroom, the bathroom practically in the bedroom, the air conditioner that sounds like it's the end of the world (horribly loud) and thin walls where you can hear everybody talk in the hallway from the bedroom. Now, on to the staff.. out of EVERYTHING, this was the worst. Rude, arrogant and inconsiderate. Security guards are horrible and treat you like",1
1130, August 2019,Waiting for my $100 refund,One of the best hotels in the city of New York.... I would say it's the best... That's because the great location... You can say It's near everythings....It is closed to the Time Square... We can say it is near the most popular events in Manhattan...I also call it the social hotel... I noticed most of the guests love it...,5
1131, August 2019,I canceled my stay and still charged me !!,"I canceled my stay and still charged me !! My entry into the USA was denied, I emailed via booking.com and they didn't answer me and charged the stay! I was very dissatisfied with the lack of sensitivity of the hotel!",1
1132, August 2019,Disappointed,"Overpriced. The only good thing is its location. We booked a room sold as with views to Times Square, and only had sights to the antenas, an alley and the water diposits of other buildings. Also ordered a King Sized bed and not even got a Queen Sized one. Sometimes we had to wait up to 12 min to get an elevator. At check-in and check-out, the receptionists did not even looked at us.",2
1133, August 2019,2 night stay for 4 at Row NYC,"Room was a double bed room and was lovely and clean, perfect for two night stay for 4. Right behind Times Square with lovely cafes near by. Hotel staff were so very helpful and polite. Definitely recommend. Good price for the two nights also. City taxes apply but was emailed with a break down of the taxes that were additional to the room price. Loved the stay and would boom again.",4
1134, April 2019,One of the best,"I have been in a number of hotels in NYC, and this is the one I have returned to twice. Amazing facilities, comfortable rooms, a few steps away from Times Square. The one critique I have is about the check in, that can be a little crazy. I had to wait five hours after a very long international flight for a room that had been booked for over a month. The lines also can get pretty crazy, although that is understandable. Even thought the check in was a little crazy, my stay was smooth. The rooms are very comfortable, the bar is always filled with options (the green tea is amazing), the food court has many amazing restaurants, the general store is stacked with magazines, water, drinks, keychains and such. The Row is always an option when I visit the city.",4
1135, August 2019,My RowNYC Experience,"The reservations department is superb. The checkin & checkout process was very easy and well organized. The hotel is very well conveniently located for entertainment, food & travel. The room was very nice & clean. Will definitely stay here again.",5
1136, August 2019,We'll stay here again!,"Fabulous! Easy walk to Broadway shows. Comfy room and bed. We could get the room really dark at night which was fantastic for sleeping. The staff was very helpful each time we had a question. The only negative thing I can say is that the internet was spotty. But who cares! We weren't there to web surf, we were there to be in NYC. The internet service was fine when we needed to research something. I love this place.",5
1137, August 2019,Horrible property!,"I visited this property for work and was not able to use my company card! Then service was horrible from the moment I stepped foot on the property! The bell men never offered to take my bags, the line for check-in was disorderly and very long, the service lines did not pick-up for laundry service. It was all around a poor experience. I hated it!",1
1138, August 2019,Our Visit to the Theater District,"The hotel is strategically located in the midst of the Theater District, varied restaurants, and walking distance from shopping. Great venue. Loved the elevator technology and empathic staff. Also appreciated the visible security. Hotel price was reasonable, but the hotel gift shop was way overpriced. Will return soon.",4
1139, August 2019,"Plays and the ""Row""","This hotel is a surprisingly great bargain! Almost everything about it is customer-centric, and the per-night fee is very reasonable. Since my mission was to attend NY plays, by staying at the Row, I was within easy walking distance of most of the theaters on my list. In addition, the diversity of guests is fascinating and was a treat unto itself.",5
1140, April 2019,Fantastic location!!,"Firstly I just want to say what a fantastic experience in New York and my stay at Row NYC. I found the staff extremely helpful,namely 'Junior'..he was so welcoming and helpful. I also found the location fantastic,just a few steps from Broadway! Central Park 30 minutes walk.I stayed on the 23rd floor so noise was minimal.The room was basic but what you need if you are just using it as a base.I found it clean and warm.The view from my room was amazing- and i could even see a a glimpse of the river! I highly recommend this hotel.",4
1141, August 2019,Run! Worst service ever,"Dirty, air conditionner so loud that you cannot sleep with it, « included breakfast » is only 1 croissant or bagel, you can hear the people breathing in the next room and most important: the people working in this hotel is the worst I ever seen worldwide!!!",1
1142, August 2019,Was it us?,Terrible service from check-in to depart. The staff seemed more interested in each other than making sure the guests were okay. Breakfast below par for this 'quality' hotel. Very disappointed that it's 2019 and they use plastic knives and forks...?,1
1143, August 2019,"Good Value, Great Location","I've had two positive experiences at this hotel this summer. It isn't luxurious, but it is comfortable, clean, ideally located, and a good value. The Front Desk Staff is courteous and helpful. There's a cozy bar for a nightcap, and continental breakfast is available. Adjacent to the hotel is City Kitchen, a food hall with good offerings. The hotel is steps away from many Broadway venues.",4
1144, August 2019,Not an enjoyable stay,"We were disappointed with this hotel, not clean in our room, the lifts had a constant horrible smell, bedding was changed daily but was still grubby, we went out in the day, returning in evening to our room to find the door left open, reported to reception, they were surprised to hear of this so phoned up to management with housekeeping staff to be asked to make sure door was locked once they’d finished, the next day was fine but the following the same happened, spoiled our holiday having to worry about ur door possibly open on returning from day out !!!!! Definitely would not stay here again !!",1
1145, August 2019,Location. Service. Amenities. A+,One of the best check in experiences. Nice room. Fantastic food options - delicious and great prices for NYC. A great place to settle in the center of the city. You won't be disappointed. And I will be back at ROW next time I am in the City.,5
1146, August 2019,Vacation,"Our check - in was 4 pm. We didn’t get there till 5:30, and our room wasn’t ready. They gave us a room next to the elevator which was super loud. The view we were supposed to have became a view looking at a brick wall. On top of that you’re charged an Extra $40.00 which they don’t tell you when booking your stay. The room was super small. Very disappointed in this hotel, and DO NOT recommend",1
1147, August 2019,The most dirty 4* hotel you can stay.,"The 4* starts should be review and it doesn’t deserve more than 2*. The staff service is nil, they deal with complaints every day and when you go for a problem they don’t solve because they have a line of unsatisfied customers.",1
1148, August 2019,Great location,The ROW was a great place to stay. Walking distance to main subway terminal and in the heart of everything you could want. The staff were friendly and helpful. For being a solo traveler I felt safe and was a fantastic experience.,5
1149, September 2018,Great Hotel for a busy NYC trip,"My husband and I have stayed at Row NYC twice, the second time being part of our honeymoon in the USA. Guy on the reception was extremely friendly, and stated that the rooms are pretty much the same, but upgraded us to a higher floor - for a better view. The rooms are quite basic, however, when in NYC you don't need much. The beds were clean and comfy, the bathroom a good size and clean. And the black out blinds were ideal. Lift system is great, punching in your floor number, to avoid having to stop on every floor :) Free Wifi available - which was great for facetiming family back home :) The lobby to the hotel is lovely, with a shop and computers to use. Row NYC is in a perfect location, with only about a 5 minute walk to Times Sq and multiple eateries within close",4
1150, August 2019,Room with a View,Enjoy the city scape view. Beds are clean and crisp. Bathroom was large and well stocked with towels and toiletries. Blow dryer and cold air! Centralized area lots of places to visit and see. Everything close by.,4
1151, August 2019,Great Place to Stay,Great location. Great value. Really enjoyed our stay. Would recommend to anyone traveling to New York and wants to stay close to Times Square. Check in was easy and everyone was friendly. Room was small but clean and comfortable.,5
1152, August 2019,Good only for the location,"The only positive note about this hotel is the location, very close to Time Square and the view of the exterior rooms. For the rest it is a structure that needs a renovation and a greater care and cleaning of the rooms and bathrooms. Air conditioning in public areas is excessively cold.",3
1153, August 2019,Not worth the money,"We arrived and found a room in badly kept state and with dirty sheets. Hardly what we wanted to find at 9:30pm. We immediately reported this to staff and half an hour later, nothing had been done. We requested that this be resolved while we left the hotel for dinner. Upon our return, at around 11pm, we found that a new set of bedding had been left folded in our room (but had not actually been put on the bed). When we began to put on the sheets ourselves we discovered that this second set of bedding was also stained. Not only that, but the mattress itself was stained and had not been cleaned, as it was covered with a previous guest's hair. When we called the front desk and housekeeping to request a room change (because reasonably, we did not want to sleep on a dirty mattress),",1
1154, August 2019,Row NYC doesn't match the price.,"Don't expect alot. When we arrived they told me I was lucky to have a room as they overbooked by four rooms and others would be turned away later that day. What kind of service is that. When we tried to call in while driving to the hotel, to confirm our reservation we were sent on a phone goose chase. This went on for FIVE HOURS!! We were told by the 1-800 to call the front desk but no one would answer. We made 20+ calls to the hotel. When we arrived the front desk told us they don't answer the phone ever as they are to busy to answer calls. It was crazy and I was so very frustrated. We booked a couple's vacation with two rooms. The rooms were very small,both dirty, our shower was broken, the washroom was dirty and food was found behind the desk. We booked the room with the",2
1155, August 2019,"Not excellent, but still good","The room is small(it's New York😂), and the window is locked. View is good, but the air quality inside the room is poor. Service is good. Angela Figueroa, one of the waiters, did her job especially good.",4
1156, August 2019,Bad attitude,"Tiny room with very bad ventilation, most rooms without airvents in bathroom, stuffed to the max! Really bad attitude of the staff especially those at reception/concierge. The only people were friendly, one housekeeper on 22nd floor and the door man entrance to the streets. Given a choice I wouldn't choose this hotel at all! They say that's how people in NYC behave, I say why can't you, in customer service line, be different, be friendly!?",1
1157, August 2019,Amazing,"Everything was amazing, the best place in ny. Mr. juonir from the front desk was amazing. He is more than just employed. He try to help us whatever we need more than we expected and we very appreciate that. The room was clean.",5
1158, August 2019,Very good value,"The experience was great, the only issues I had was that the lobby smelled a bit like sewage and the wi-fi was a bit spotty. The rooms were incredibly clean, the staff were very kind and quick to get their job done, there was almost nothing wrong, again the only issues I had were the smell in the lobby and the quality of the wireless internet.",4
1159, August 2019,Disappointing stay,"The hotel is located in a central location in Times Square. However, there were a few things I was disappointed about. First of all, the service needs a lot of improvement. The front desk told us at check in that they will email us once the room is ready but we didnt get any email. Second, the staff at the luggage drop off area were plain rude and entitled. First of all, they demanded for tips as we requested to leave our luggage since we couldn’t checked in yet. They weren’t nice to us when we approached them as well and to demand for tips with poor service? There’s no way. Also, I requested for city view weeks in advance but we were only given a wall view of the next building. it was also highly disappointing that the sliding door of the bathroom was difficult to open without",1
1160, August 2019,Not worth the money,"The bathroom door didn’t work, the shades were dirty, the windows needed washing and the whole place needs to be updated. Paint was thick, tub and toilet looked like 70’s hospital room. Not worth the money spent",2
1161, August 2019,Terrible,Horrible service and did not cater to the public! When an customer complains about something you need to understand what they are saying and compensate them for it instead of pushing it off on the next person in the hotel! Don’t be rude to the customers and treat them with respect!,2
1162, August 2019,NOT WORTH WHAT YOU PAY FOR,"Hi There! We just checked in today @ 4pm. And we arrived here in our room with those kind of sheets. Is that a 4star standard? I went to the desk and report what happened. They told me, they’ll be here after 10mins. But then, we waited for half an hour, no one appeared. Then, I called the desk and remind about our room, they transferred my call to housekeeping department. Housekeeping department told me, we need to get out of the room because housekeeper can’t do the service when people are inside the room and they’ll be here in 15 minutes. And we did. We even had our early dinner. We came back and still, no one came to change these sheets! I even put a note!!!!! Seriously???? We came back after 1hr and a half!!! Again, is this your 4 star standard ROW NYC? Plus, the elevator",1
1163, August 2019,The location is nothing short of perfect.,"The location is nothing short of perfect. Check in and out were quick, rooms very clean - some with great views, efficient elevator system. some with good size and great views. Other rooms have poorly positioned toilets in relation to the front and side walls. It is impossible to sit with your legs extended, even for someone under 180cm. Be very careful if you receive a room key ending 11.",4
1164, August 2019,A night at Row Hotel,"Row Hotel is well located if you have been in the city before, you know where you are and where to go. If it is the first time you are in nyc I would not recommend it at all, since the hotel is located una street where everything looks like a very populated and somewhat dirty neighborhood. The hotel has an open kitchen and bar. So they make parties where they let everyone in. When you go to your hotel you are somewhat looking for privacy and that is exactly what you don’t get. There are like a hundred people coming in and out and there is no one to see if they are guests or not. I even got asked by a stranger if he borrow my phone and laptop.",2
1165, August 2019,not so good as before,"very disappointed, quality of bed, size of bed, room not clean, dust everywhere, fingerprint, airco noisy, very approximative clean of the whole room, need to be refreshed, personal ok but just minimum, need a card to enter the reception toilets?!",1
1166, August 2019,Way Down Hill!,"I’ve stayed here a few times beginning about 5 years ago for the first visit. The first time was pretty good. Subsequent times it started going down hill. It is now over crowded,, run-down, loud, understaffed, dirty and run down. After a one week stay at Paper Factory in Long Island City, we trekked to JFK. My flight got canceled and rebooked and so we had to book a hotel. Rather then journey back to where we had been staying, we chose to spend the night at the ROW. Upon arrival I waited ;40 min to check in. No one could provide me with water. They had dented their bar are out for a private event and it was a a rap dj with a bad sound system that was so loud you could here it on the busy NY street outside. It appeared to be a fire hazard bc there were about 300 people",1
1167, July 2019,Incredible staff & above average customer service!,"I stayed at the Row on 7/31/2019 and my expectations were pretty low given the proximity to the tourist epicenter Times Square. Despite being a high volume and very busy tourist hotel, I was beyond astounded by the service I received. After a tiring road trip from Boston to NYC, all I wanted was a ""quite"" room and a good night's rest. Douglas, the hotel assistant who checked me in provided me with the most amazing room I've ever stayed at! I felt like I was on vacation vs a business trip and I go the most incredible night's sleep. It was a sanctuary. Douglas was extremely courteous, empathetic and provided me a top room. The next day, I needed to print out a presentation for a meeting and once again, the staff went the extra mile to print out my entire presentation. I was",5
1168, July 2019,Perfect for a Quick Trip to The City,"We stayed here because my boyfriend was attending a conference nearby. The room was small but good enough for just the two of us. We had to request new linen because the sheets had a stain on them. other than that this was a great stay. great location right in the heart of times square, next to everything. a great value location wise.",4
1169, August 2019,Worst hotel Ever,This was the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed at. I wasn’t expecting 5 star service but I was expecting a CLEAN room and hotel. Our room was so dirty. There were pistachio shells and a toenail on the bed and other gross things I don’t even want to mention. The bathroom especially the shower was gross with things rusted. I had to wear flip flops in it. The whole hotel needs major updating. Worse paint job ever. No wonder why the lobby is so dark as it covers it all up. We were all grossed out by this hotel. We didn’t complain because we were only there 12 hours and not worth the change in rooms. Don’t stay here. Be warned.,1
1170, August 2019,NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE,"Hair left in shower, no toilet paper, and blood stains on our bedspread. We informed front desk - 5 hours later when we came back from our evening out, nothing had been done to correct the issues. UNACCEPTABLE!. When the finally moved us to another room, it was a queen room and not a king. We have stayed at The Row previously - it is not what it used to be. They have lost all their standards. Their housekeeping manager should be ashamed and embarrassed.",1
1171, July 2019,"No satisfied with that hotel, is well located and remodelated the problem are the maids.","We want to tell the tourist to be carefull with the maids of that hotel. We talked with the Security Man of the hotel and he told us, that he was going to see the cameras of that floor, but he never solved us nothing, we are very angry with the personal of that hotel, because we lost our money and my husband watch and they did nothing for us.",3
1172, August 2019,Only so-so,"Good: --Staff was very nice and helpful. --Comfortable beds. --Central location. --Good food court in the hotel. Not good: --When you check in they'll tell you that there's a ""mandatory"" $40 per night fee for the gym and internet and we didn't use either one. --Rooms are VERY small. --One evening a few of us were quietly relaxing in some comfortable chairs overlooking the bar and they made us move because ""it was time to close off that area"".",3
1173, August 2019,I do not recommended at all!!!!,1-room too small 2- no water no mini bar in the room 3-not clean at all 4-air conditioning have sound it won’t allow you to sleep 5-the front desk should be clear concerning the 100$ incident that they took,2
1174, August 2019,Small but clean,"The location was great. Both Musicals we saw were just around the corner and you are within walking distance to the Subway. I liked that they checked your room key every night before you could get on the elevator. I always felt very safe. The room was so small you could not leave your suitcase open. It was okay for a girls weekend but would not have been a place for a romantic trip. The A/C did not work very well. Bed and pillows were okay. Bathroom was very small and no place to lay your stuff on. This was our second time to stay at The Row so we knew what we were getting. Again, it was okay for a girls weekend.",4
1175, August 2019,Great Room with view,"I have been in this hotel 3 times, once in winter and twice this month! So surprised about all those negative reviews ! I had a quick check in and a quick check out! The hotel is on the Musical District, close to Time Square, only 2 mmmm walking to 5th Avenue shopping and to The Ned and Hudson Yards shopping centre . Short distance to Central Park and close to 2 subway lines? What else do you want? A really competitive price, friendly staff and security at the lift area! First check I was on the 10th floor, queen room. Second check in even better 17th floor! If you want a room get 1700, I will definitely come back with my girlfriends . Thank you for the wonderful time and crazy NYC",4
1176, August 2019,Broadway show trip,"Great location, easy walk to shows. This not a 5 star but very comfortable. We only used the room to shower, sleep and had breakfast. it’s not a resort. Good value for the money! We would stay here again.",4
1177, June 2019,Awful Check in!,We was waiting nearly 4 hours to check in when all we wanted to do was freshen up after our long flight we couldn’t even go to the toilets as you needed a key card!! I spoke to a few people on reception who didn’t really care! The bouncers on a night to the lifts were so rude too and you had to wait ages for a lift which felt like final destination episode! The hotel was a great location that’s why we picked in the first place and the room was cleaned nearly every day which was good! If you didn’t have to speak to anyone in the hotel it would have been great haha!,3
1178, August 2019,New York’s Worst Hotel,"The only positive thing I can say about the Row Hotel is the Position, very close to everything. On arrival we were greeted with rude grumpy staff, no friendly greeting like Welcome to New York City. This was our first trip to NY and we travel all over the world and have never come across such a bad reception. The rooms are so small, beds were comfortable I suppose that’s a plus, but bathroom was even smaller and weren’t cleaned. We were there for a week and had to ask them a couple of times if it was possible to clean our room properly, like vacuum and clean the bathroom, which it never got done. The Security at the lifts were unfriendly and outright rude as you tried to get into the lift. We never recommend this hotel to anyone and gave us a bad first impression on NYC",1
1179, August 2019,Great location - small room,Hotel is located Great near the port authority station. Small room not arrange good with either mirror and no place for suitcase to have open. Gym was great to use daily. Check in process was not that professional.,4
1180, August 2019,Need a little bit more,Nice Hotel for a short stay. Interesting idea for the restaurant (discovering different ypes of food) too bad the tables of said restaurant were not clean... Music too loud during breakfast A litlle bit disappointed by the choice of decoration (quite dark) Otherwise very well placed in the city,3
1181, August 2019,Ignorant Staff,Be prepared for no one that you call at this hotel to know anything and to get a different answer to your same question every time you ask. Be prepared for hidden fees that you will have to pay upon check out.,1
1182, August 2019,Location perfect,Hotel location is just so convenient to everything around time square. Literally next to the majestic theatre and very close to frozen and lion king shows. Rooms are just on the small side but seem to be the case anywhere in the city. Subway system is so close that riding the subway to and from LGA airport was easy unless you haul big luggages as I saw some tourist struggling to get them thru the turnstiles.,4
1183, August 2019,Fun in New York City on a Budget,Good place to go if you want to be by Times Square. Just one block away from most theaters. Many show available and this is a nice location. Not as expensive as those place on Broadway and Times Square.,4
1184, August 2019,Good location but very old hotel,I had many issues in the room. the locks battery!! died I was out of the for over 40 minutes. than the air conditioner wasnt working 3 times I called just the next day somwone took care of it. and a morning no hot water. no one said I am sorry. at the end the reduced the invoice but to say I am sorry ans try to do it better would be apriciated. money is not everything,3
1185, August 2019,Great Location Average Hotel,We stayed at this hotel for two nights this week. The hotel is in a great location. You are close to the subway and all the action in Times Square which is a huge perk. The hotel does have an unpleasant smell in the lobby area as some other reviewers have mentioned. The halls are dark. The elevators can be very slow at times. We waited over 20 minutes one morning to go down and ended up taking the stairs 16 floors down. The rooms are a decent size but very basic and a little outdated. The bed was not comfortable at all as the springs could be felt through the sheets and I’m not a picky mattress person. The second morning we were there we woke up to no hot water but the issue was resolved pretty quickly and we were issued a resort fee credit for the inconvenience. All in all it,3
1186, August 2019,Nice hotel and super convenient,It was nicer than I expected and very convenient to the show we were seeing. Made it easy to pop in to drop something off before dinner or change your shoes before trekking uptown for dessert. Super fast elevators got us up to the 17th floor and back down in a jiffy. Was also a decent value for New York.,4
1187, August 2019,Very good,"This hotel is in a great location. 1 minute walk to Times Square. We were on the 3rd floor and was very noisy, all night long. The room was huge. Staff helpful. Clean. No tea or coffee making facilities in room. May have been available but didn’t ask.",4
1188, April 2019,Business trip to NYC,"Hotel is around the corner of Broadway and Times Square. Rooms are quite small but ok (travelling alone). Cleanliness is ok. Hotel is very busy with large groups of tourists (which is quite logical wrt the location). Breakfast: poor. You better go for breakfast around the corner. Value for money: ok, if compared to other hotels in the area. No feeling for hospitality at all.",3
1189, August 2019,Great for the price,"Only One block away from Times Square. We couldn't fit enough local activities in our short trip. Aside from a few minor things, we really enjoyed the stay at Row NYC. The staff was polite and helped us when needed. We loved that the hotel can hold on to your luggage before or after room check-in/out while you get a chance to explore the city.",4
1190, August 2019,Row NYC Review,"See my comments. I have stayed here many times, and I would have expected an increase in service by now. The people who work in the lobby need more training! The elevators are complex and not made for foreigners who don't speak English. Entry is almost impossible for handicapped people!",3
1191, August 2019,"Dirty, tiny, bad customer service","Smallest nyc hotel rooms, dirty rooms, felt more like a hostel. When you call the desk, they just pick up and hang up, or pick up and put you on hold. Elevator wasn’t working on one point so they had to take us down the service and pick up other floors on the way",1
1192, August 2019,Not a four star by far...,The hotel is so dated and dingy. The smell that lingered was at times worse than the subway. The hotel wifi was definitely questionable. Can't believe this was listed as a 4+ star hotel. It did not meet our standards. We would NOT ever recommend or return.,1
1193, July 2019,check in 30 July 2019,* check in take a time I was in line for 25 mints . * No guest service or bellman to lead me to the room and no orientation done for the hotel * the room is nice and house keeping is very help full and she is perfect sorry I forget her name,4
1194, August 2019,Reservations,Staff could be more friendly especially with out of town guest. Check in process was very slow on a Sunday!! also the staff at check in counter should be addressing their problems away from the Guest not at the front desk area.,3
1195, July 2019,Horrible Customer Service,"I booked my hotel through tripadvisor which I have always found to be a great service. Upon arriving to the hotel I found out that my reservation had been cancelled, they said it was because my card was declined. While I was at the hotel reception I called my card company and was informed that they charged me, then refunded my money. After informing the clerk of this, she who was unbelievably rude, told me the hotel was sold out and I would have to find somewhere else to stay. After this I asked to speak with a manager, because I knew they cancelled my reservation in order to charge someone else full price. At this point the clerk asked me to leave or she would call security, which was completely uncalled for. I travel weekly for business stay at countless high end hotels and",1
1196, August 2019,The Row.... a good find in the BIG APPLE,A very fine hotel in center of Manhattan.... perfect location for all kinds of travel activities.... stay here! Friendly and very efficient staff. Multiple elevators for quick access to and from guest rooms. Will definitely book this hotel again since it is so close to train station and also to so many places that are in walking distance.,5
1197, July 2019,Come for the location stay for the credit card fraud,Good location and reasonably priced rooms modern but barely anything works properly in there. When you check out they’ll charge you “extras” and tell you they’ll refund it but they don’t leaving you having to deal with your credit card company to get a refund. Nothing more than credit card fraud,1
1198, August 2019,Way overpriced,"You will not get money’s worth here. It’s debatable whether the location outweighs all the negative aspects of this hotel. It’s extremely outdated and in desperate need of investment. Rooms are extremely small with only enough space for one person to walk between furniture at a time. Mold on bathroom caulk, peeling wall paper, chipped furniture. All outlets are like placing your plug in an open window hoping it touches the sides to make a connection. How hard is it to replace a $1.50 outlet?! Staff are about as friendly as disgruntled postman. And my favorite part is the mysterious resort fee of $40/night. Trust me, there’s nothing about this place to make you feel like you’re in a resort. I’ve been to a dozen different hotels in midtown and this one is the worst.",1
1199, August 2019,Just what I was looking for,"A clean, convenient, affordable spot right in midtown. Very satisfied. The room was perfect. Minimalistic but had everything I needed - TV, toiletries, hair dryer, ample charging ports, good lighting, and a great view of quintessential New York!",5
1200, August 2019,No respect for guest's belongings,Housekeepers/room attendants have no sense of respect for guest's belongings. Staying for 5-6 nights but came back to the room at the end of each day to find our shoes all piled up in a mess and luggage on the floor flipped open. Rude and disappointing. Bathtub clogs with water at ankle level each time we take showers.,2
1201, August 2019,Review for room attendant,"I am totally appreciate with Angela Fiqueroa as Room Attendant to my room for 4 night Got my room always clean and things stay in the place where i left them Overall I got a good experience for staying in this hotel, near every tourism area!!",5
1202, August 2019,3 night stay.,"I reserved a room for three nights in the first night was not pleasant due to stains on the wall and paint peeling off specially above the window area but the location of the hotel was great and the room view was good. The next morning I intended to cancel reservation, i spoke to a person by the name of Catherine and she was very professional and understanding . I did not cancel and was assigned to a better cleaner room. Katherine fixed the problem with professionalism and hospitality . Row hotel should take great care of Katherine. I’m sure she brings lots of business and keep business flow at the Manhattan location.",3
1203, August 2019,No issues here,We were able to check in early lobby is very nice. The girl who checked us in was very friendly and gave us some dinner suggestions. We had a king deluxe on floor 24. Room small but expect that in New York. It was clean and Ice machine worked on our floor so that was nice. Elevators were very fast. I like that security is there in evening so only people staying in hotel can go into elevators. I was worried with some reviews I read but did not have any issues and staff was nice/room clean.,4
1204, August 2019,Wonderful location!,"The Row is in a great location of one block from Times Square and in the heart of the Theater District. It's a wonderful and safe area, there are many restaurants and shops, and it's just the ideal place to stay. We had an easy check-in and were able to switch from a high floor room to something a bit lower. The room was the perfect size for the two of us, with a comfy bed, a nice TV and refillable bottles for the free water/ice dispenser down the hall. The bathroom was a nice size, and I was pleased to have a tub. It came in handy later after a long day of walking! The WiFi was great! I appreciated the security at the elevators, and when the evenings come on, they make sure everyone getting on the elevators has a key card. We couldn't beat the price and the",5
1205, August 2019,My Birthday At ROW,"Very nice hotel, perfect location, price was good, right in the center of everything. I always love being in time square. We were able to walk to a lot of place and there were food places all around. I will be using this hotel as much as possible.",5
1206, August 2019,Disappointed,"This is where we stayed for 5 long nights....3 adults in a tiny room. Once we had our suit cases in the room, there was barely any walking space left. Very disappointed in this hotel. Location was great though.",2
1207, August 2019,Row NYC,"I hesitated to book this place because the reviews were either 1 star or 5 star. Lots of people complained about how small it was. Yes, the room was small, but it was perfect for me and my bestie on our girls weekend! Everything in NY was expensive so I wasn't surprised at the rate. What I didn't like, was that the rate changed per day of my stay. But like this: I wanted a sunday-sunday stay. The first three days are less expensive than the last three. But get this!! if you book the seven days you pay the most expensive room rate! I booked through air B&B. There was also a separate daily charge of 40$ too. I still don't know what this was actually for, but it added almost 20% to my week. The room was clean enough ( some dust bunnies behind the bed when I was looking for an",4
1208, August 2019,Vacation,New York is a very expensive city. It was a unique experience but not to repeat. The hotel is nothing special. served its purpose. On the first floors you hear all the noise from the street. I do not intend to go back there.,3
1209, June 2019,Birthday Trip,"First time in NY and couldn’t have asked for a hotel in a better location, a few minutes from Times Square. The experience was made extra special by the fabulous service provided by Junior on reception. Treated like royalty!",4
1210, July 2019,"Great location, but service was meh.","Room as small, even by NYC's standards. Check in staff did not tell use breakfast was included, so we missed out on that. Location was great, so if that's all you need, then this place will suffice. The hotel has a dark, industrial feel to it. It felt like an airport. We did enjoy the City Kitchen next door, even though we could have saved that money if we had been told breakfast was included. The unique elevator system was nice, where you choose your floor and then the elevator is assigned, and as a result, very fast and efficient.",3
1211, September 2018,"Great Location, Staff and Hotel","Loved this hotel, being right in the center of everything, the staff and especially our super spacious room and king size bed. Thanks for the great stay in New York City for our first time. Will definitely be back and will be referring everyone I know coming to New York to stay here. My room didn't have a view which I wasnt too fussed about and had a huge room compared to what I had heard other people say about room size when coming to New York. The room was clean and cleaned daily. Couldnt have picked a better place to stay. Walking distance to Times Square and all the major attractions.",5
1212, February 2019,Average,This hotel was in a perfect location just a few minutes from Times Square. Unfortuntaly this was probably the best thing about the hotel. Check in was quick and the reception area was very big with a decent bar inside. When we got to the room first impressions were that it was nice and clean. However I did feel that the room was probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in. For the price we can't really complain but I wouldn't stay here again. If you're looking for something cheap and in the middle of everything then it's not a bad shout.,3
1213, February 2019,Disappointment,"Very disappointed, rooms not very clean! Bits of food left on the carpet, dust on the units. Room was so small, there was 3 of us in one room you couldnt swing a cat. Very busy hotel. But great location.",2
1214, September 2018,Highly Preferred,"Hotel sports wonderful location and amenities but very tiny rooms. We hardly had any space for luggage. The hotel-guest-only restrooms on the ground floor were super convenient. Security was only tolerable, as we spotted young men loitering the halls more than once. A good place to stay if priced reasonably.",5
1215, August 2019,Would not stay here again,The location is fantastic and the mattress was comfy. And that’s where the good stuff ends. The hotel is dark and unwelcoming. The attitude of the staff is appalling - whilst I was treated with relative civility I watched the atrocious treatment of an Italian family checking in before me and still have not quite recovered from the fact that this could be considered good customer service. There is a deceptive compulsory package you have to buy for over €30 per day for services such as internet and phone .. but as it’s compulsory even if you don’t want the services - this is a deceitful way of forcing extra money from customers and then hiding behind the small print. The small and dank room was not clean to start and the daily clean was a joke - I ended up buying stuff and doing,1
1216, July 2019,We would come back to Row NYC,"Not bad for the price, location was good, service was great. We slept terrible because there aren't enough pillows. maybe we could have asked for more but we had a great stay either way! Thank you!!!!!",4
1217, August 2019,I want to go home,"I preface this by saying I’ve stayed in NY a number of times in various neighbourhoods, and I also read reviews. Both of which led me to think ROW would be a decent stay. I was very wrong. I’m not one to normally write bad reviews but I’m honestly so disappointed. The lobby floor was dirty when I checked in, the elevators also had garbage on the floors and smelt like a public washroom. The hallways are very dark. Unfortunately when I checked in I had to immediately run out, so I didn’t have a good look at the room otherwise I really would have immediately checked out and asked for a refund. At first glance the hotel looks cool but when you look a little closer you realize how cheap the finishings are and the total lack of care to little details from cleaning staff. My room",1
1218, August 2019,Great location,"My two nieces and I enjoyed an overnight stay while attending a broadway play. The location is great..easy walking distance to Broadway and Times Square Very modern hotel and the lobby was very interesting. I did not give it a better review as the room was ridiculously small, even for big city standards, and the bathroom ceiling had mold. The bathroom could have had a better cleaning and was so small you could barely turn around. It was fine for one night but not any more than that",3
1219, August 2019,Lion King,"The location is very close to theatres and Times Square. There are many restaurants in the Hotel and close to the Hotel. It is easy to get cabs in front of Hotel. When we were at Hotel on Saturday they closed the street in front of Hotel for a very long flee market and food vendors, which we enjoyed.",4
1220, July 2019,Great location with Very Unfriendly Staff,"We stayed two nights at the ROW in July. This was a quick weekend add on after a work trip. Here is a summary of the stay. Upon arrival you will need to take the stairs or elevator up to the second floor this is where the lobby is located. The lines to check in were not too long but the front desk agents were not efficient or friendly at all. This hotel is located one block form Times Square right in the heart of the Theater District. This hotel is full of tourists, do you would think the Front desk staff would be used to the guests. Not! Of all the hotels I have stayed (just look at my reviews), this has to be the hotel with the worst front desk customer service. They are just short with customers, don’t make eye contact and get frustrated when anyone has a question.",3
1221, April 2019,Excellent location,"Stayed here in April 2019 for 3 nights for my daughters 16th birthday and have to say the location of the hotel is fantastic, easy walking distance to Times Square, Broadway etc. Hotel itself is lovely had everything we needed, staff was very polite and courteous and the food court was an added bonus when wanting to grab breakfast before heading out for the day. Yes the room didn’t have a massive wardrobe or tea / coffee making facilities but this was not an issue for us as we was hardly in our room and there was 1000s of places on the doorstep to purchase food and drink. Thank you for a perfect 1st time in NYC, currently just looking to book for next year!",4
1222, August 2019,"Don’t use sleeper bed!,",Nice personnel. Good location. Small rooms with Minimal accommodations- awful breakfast. Ice was 5 floors up. Was expecting 2 beds- got 1 and needed to upgrade. $100. More per night for the most awful pull out couch! Like sleeping on the springs!,2
1223, August 2019,Bad experience,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night due to a flight cancellation. The first room they sent us to smelled terrible. They then gave us another room which smelled a little better but the bathroom still smelled bad. The rooms and bathrooms are small, cramped, old and dim. We were expecting much more from a 4 star hotel and were very disappointed. The hotel itself doesn’t smell great, is dark and crowded with people constantly.",2
1224, July 2019,Neat place with cool NY vibe 🗽,"Small (as expected) but cute, clean room! Friendly & helpful staff! Super location! Water fountains didn’t work & wait (at times) for elevator was way too long! But I would definitely stay here again !",4
1225, July 2019,An awkward reception and incorrect charges,"The first day I arrive at the hotel the person who receives me at the reception desk addresses me political issues of my country without me being interested in the conversation and practically forces me to stand there listening to their opinions. To make the matter more uncomfortable, when I left the hotel they did not inform me of additional charges and when checking the account statement of my credit card I find that the hotel charged my bill for a breakfast consumption that I did not request at any time and did not authorize . More than a week ago I made the claim and I have not received a response or refund.",2
1226, August 2019,"Low price, good location, no amenities, false advertising","We just got back from 5 days in NYC, choosing to stay at Row NYC for our visit. The hotel had very comfortable beds and contemporary decor in the bedrooms. We picked this hotel based on it's location, one block off Times Square, and price, lower than many other hotels we looked at. I expected the rooms to be small (and they were very small) but didn't mind since we were staying busy and would only be at the hotel only to sleep. Sound familiar? We are pretty low maintenance family so I really didn't look too much into what was being offered aside from price and location. Lesson learned. The room amenities were poor, or rather non-existent . There was no coffee maker and no fridge. Additionally, there was no complimentary coffee in the hotel lobby and is customary for hotels that",2
1227, July 2019,good ubication,There should be a cofee maker and a fridge in the room. I just rescue the good location of the hotel. My family got intoxicated with food in the Chinatown and we were very complicated with the nutricional and hibration care without a frigobar .In a city where it is so hot there MUST be a frigobar in the room.,3
1228, August 2019,"Great location, but really outdated place","This was my first time staying at Row NYC. Location was great, near all major attractions and Time Square. However, the hotel has very outdated rooms, dirty carpets and bathrooms. They don't have anything but old full size beds, and the mattress is so low and near the ground. Don't think I will be staying there again.",3
1229, July 2019,ROW NYC,Great location - clean room. We had a corner room with windows on two walls which was great. Check in was speedy. Room was quiet even while facing 8th Avenue. Will definitely use this hotel again. The elevator was fast and never a wait. Security was always right there.,5
1230, July 2019,Great place near broadway and times square!,"Fun hotel, near everything! Loved the breakfast staff, always cheerful! Easy to get around everywhere. Walking distance to times square, central park, subway and broadway. Rooms are small but that is New York!",4
1231, August 2019,Clean & Convenient in Madhouse of Midtown,Friends coming to town or girls trip away - The Row is convenient and has good food options plus clean rooms to make it easy. Yes you get the typical midtown checkin craziness but rooms are somewhat bigger than the teeny tiny rooms found in midtown and they have water bottle fill up locations on each floor.,4
1232, July 2019,Nice hotel,"Stayed here last month for a week. Lovely hotel and great location but rooms were so small. There were 4 of us sharing and there just wasn't any space for suitcases, let alone wardrobe space for 4 girls. Rang down and asked could we have a bigger room and were told there were none. Plus, the lifts were a bit of a pain. They went with the floor which is good but meant you could be waiting a long time especially if it was a busy time! We also inquired about a late check out the day before we left and were told to ring down in the morning which was fine. So, we rang just before 8am and were responded with a not so nice reply to say they were fully booked.. why could we not have just been told that the night before when we inquired? I wouldn't not recommend it but I personally",3
1233, July 2019,Dark hallways and dirty blinds.,"The lobby of the Row hotel is welcoming and the staff is wonderful. When you step off the elevator, you walk into a very dark, dimly lit hallway. The rooms are typical New York City size, however, the room darkening shades were just disgusting. They were filthy. The bathroom did not have enough towels for two people and around the tub was not clean. I do not have to stay at the best hotel in NYC, however, I do expect it to be clean. This hotel did not meet my standards for cleanliness and we checked out after the first night and went to another hotel which met my cleanliness expectations.",1
1234, January 2019,Slightly disappointed,"Slightly disappointed with the room, thought the decoration would be better, looked like a bit of tlc was needed. The corridors were dimly lit especially in the lift area, not great if you had a slight vision impairment. On the plus side the beds were comfortable and clean which is what you needed after a long day sightseeing, after all we didn’t stay in the room long as there was too much to do.",3
1235, August 2019,FOUR night in NYC,"Six of us took Amtrak from Erie, PA to Penn Station. It took approx. 11 hours. ROW is a couple of blocks from this train station. As we walked out of Penn Station we were inindated with cab/Uber drivers. The first offered 15$ each to go 2 blocks!! (NOT)Anyhow, we really liked ROW. It was so convenient to lots of ( ""good stuff"") It's in Hells kitchen and the theater district, only a few blocks from Times Square. Subway to Ground Zero and Battery Park is minutes away with a no transfer ride, which took 20 minutes. ROW offers a complimentary breakfast which is healthy and satisfying. Their Consieres are superb, knowledgeable and friendly. One in particular""Yasmin"" was wonderful!!",4
1236, July 2019,Great value,"The location of this hotel was great. it was very reasonable and there was always someone in the lobby to help you with questions, directions, getting a cab, etc. I loved the little breakfast selections they had set up in the bar area every morning. That was so quick and easy when you had a busy day planned. We can't wait to come back.",5
1237, August 2019,Nice location but hygiene problems,Pros: close to time square Many eateries around to have breakfast No queue for going up to the room as there are Many elevators and very fast. Cons: Elevators had a bad smell like urine. The guy at storage room was not polite at all when begging for a tip.,3
1238, August 2019,Very nice hotel with a awesome location,"A looking good hotel with a very good location. 5 min walk to Times Square. The hotel and room was clean. In the hotel was restaurant “City Kitchen” and we had a lot of choice about different food. It was for breakfast, lunch and diner.",4
1239, July 2019,Bad incident..!we,I can not understand how a man in front of guest réception try to steal a suit case (about half Past Two Pm) on 14th of july...While security agent was Stand up on the stairs of the entrance of the hôtel.. This man was catched up by the owner of the suit case ...but he was out in few seconds... During this incident i was waiting in the hall with a few Customers to get our rooms...,3
1240, August 2019,Dissapointed..,Improve the room quality + doors. It looks lika horror movie. I tried to open door & it completely scuffed / ruined my shoes. The bathroom is far too small. The closet isnt even a closet...Add doors not a shower curtain =-=,1
1241, August 2019,Fair at best,"We visit NYC regularly but this was our first and last stay here. On the positive: great location for theater and Times Square, bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. Negative: long line to check in with clerks who couldn’t care less. Extremely busy crowded lobby. Room was tiny and Spartan even by NYC standards. Toilet was in a recess where you had to back in to sit.",2
1242, July 2019,"Great location, can't be beat!","Proximity is everything, and this is right there in the heart of everything Broadway, times square, etc. It is not opulent and a place you'll stay in your room all day - go out to enjoy the city, it's RIGHT THERE! Then at the end of the day - sleep here.",4
1243, June 2019,Wonderful,"The location of the hotel is great. the rooms and corridor in particular were very nice. You should definitely choose your trip to New York. the hotel staff are quite interested. There are many artistic objects, paintings and decor.",5
1244, June 2019,Rude staff,"I read many negative reviews before I booked this hotel but decided to give it the benefit of doubt. Mistake. Rudest check-in staff I have ever had the bad luck to come across. Horrible start to a much awaited holiday. Don't bother paying for an upgrade to a room with a 'city-view'. My city view was the rooftops of sides of buildings opposite. And ladies - bring your own mirror to use when applying makeup. Mirror in room and toilet has lousy lighting so if you want decent makeup - bring your own and place it on the noisy and filthy aircon in front of window, and do your make while you are perched on the corner of the bed. Throughout the night, the aircon would blast for 15-20 min then would go off completely for 15-20 min then you wake up either becos you are perspiring",2
1245, July 2019,Great hotel & location!,Throughly enjoyed the hotel. The hotel was perfectly located for everything we wanted to do. Room was as advertised and clean. Felt very comfortable during our stay. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to others,4
1246, November 2018,Dream holiday,"This hotel was amazing The view was spectacular. Placed bang in the centre of Manhattan everything was in easy reach. The hop on hop off buses were good value but try barter for a lower price we got 3days for price of 2. The new york sightseeing pass purchased on line prior to the trip saves loads of money and you can go straight to the front of the line. We flew with united airlines and were treated great meals ,snacks and drinks were complimentary and also pillows blankets in sealed bags and free movies to watch all in all it was fantastic i would definitely go again and stay at row nyc",5
1247, July 2019,Good base to see the sights,"After much deliberating upon the choice of hotel for 6 nights I booked this as it was recommended by a friend. I therefore didn’t read the online reviews. The location didn’t disappoint, it is so close to lots of metro stations (which we had 7 day passes for) and a short stroll to things like Bryant Park, the public Library and Grand Central Station. Yes Broadway and Time Square are also on your door step and if you want a lively area then this is perfect for you. All the hotel staff I spoke to were extremely pleasant. In particular Junior who allocated our room on the 17th floor with great views down to the Hudson River. When we arrived he gave us the most perfect welcome making us all laugh after a long and tiring journey from the UK. This made us all feel relaxed and",4
1248, July 2019,A nice lobby with a cozy lounge,A nice lobby with a cozy lounge But room service and reception should be more helpful .. No answers on the phone.. The ice and water on each floor is a cool idea .. the hotel has a good location on the 5th avenue,4
1249, July 2019,Strategic location,"I liked the location, access, service and environment. It's close to everywhere, train, attractions, stores and good restaurants. Couple things to improve, but not bad. Do not bring food to fridge because not all the bedrooms has refrigerator, and if you need it you have to rent or use ice cubes.",5
1250, July 2019,Not very satisfied,There should be better places to stay on the same range of prices per room. This was my second time on the ROW hotel in the last 3 years and hasn’t improved really much. Probably this was my last stay at this hotel.,3
1251, July 2019,Room,The first room was not clean and had bad odor. I was able to get the room changed after going back to the front desk. The second room was better but still not what I expected for the price! Hallways are dark.,2
1252, July 2019,Worst hotel in 20+ years,"I am a pilot and I’ve stayed in places all over the world for the past 20+ years for both business and pleasure. This is by far the worst experience I’ve ever had. After checking into this hotel I got in the elevator to go up to the room and there was a power outage. My family and I were stuck in the elevator for 30-45min before the power came back on and they were able to open the doors. There was this crazy dude from NJ in the same elevator as me screaming that there was an old lady (there was no old lady) in the elevator dying and they were still unable to open the doors. Finally after the doors opened I still couldn’t make it up to the floor of the room. When I said I was checking out, Owen informed me I would be refunded. I’ve tried several times along with my travel agent",1
1253, July 2019,Great experience,"Brighten hallway lights. Someone could easily trip in the dark. Other than that It was a great place to stay close to Time Square. Having security in the lobby, especially at night was a great thing to see. There was a lot of traffic, lots of people coming in and out. Having someone watching by the doors was a very comforting.",5
1254, July 2019,Disappointing,The location of this hotel is excellent and the staff are very friendly but the cleanliness of the room left a lot to be desired. We were going to have breakfast at the hotel but it was so basic we didn’t bother,2
1255, July 2019,ROW NYC,"We booked 3 Deluxe King rooms (235 sf.) in advance directly with hotel. When I called a week before arrival to get all rooms on the same floor, without checking reservation, agent told us, ""Rooms are allocated based on availability"". I asked for a manager and was rudely told, ""I am the one and response will not change."" She hung up when I asked her name. Up on check in, all we got 3 small size (140 sf.) rooms on different floors.",3
1256, July 2019,Best place to stay near Times Square!,"Big room, super comfortable beds! Perfect location!Ask for the river view rooms! Worth it!! Around the corner from Times Square, City Kitchen has a lot of food options for meals and all food is delicious! Thanks ROW Team especially Aleks! I will be back again and again and refer this wonderful hotel to everyone!",5
1257, July 2019,Tip: Look Under Your Sheets for Cleanliness,"I traveled for business and the location is great in Times Square and close to the subway. I lifted the sheet upon checking in to check cleanliness and the mattress pad was covered w/various types of hair ALL over. The front desk was polite and apologized, checked me into a different room and gave me two drink tickets. The second room was no better if not worse. Again, various types of hair everywhere as if the mattress pads were never cleaned or changed. I told the front desk they don't have to keep switching rooms, just put clean linens on the bed (I was only staying one night on a business trip). Ana, the Manager of Housekeeping was nice and she made sure this was done. Despite the staff being friendly, I won't be staying at this hotel again.",2
1258, July 2019,Good for Theater trip,"Had problems connecting with wifi, but I believe it was the firewall in my machine. Otherwise, a good value and location. Had to see the desk at check out to correct a charge, but they handled it well. This is my second stay, and I would stay again.",3
1259, July 2019,Will never go back there,There is a long list of reasons I would never book this hotel again - a few listed: 1. Got charged 587 for one night for what was called an executive suite - closet size two rooms - not worth the price 2. Dark and dingy 3. Extremely rude staff at the reception.,1
1260, July 2019,Great stay in NYC,"The hotel was very good, clean, stuff was friendly and helpful. Communication before arrival was excellent. Would stay here again. The location is very convenient. Only bad thing is paring is extremely expansive- would suggest discount for hotel guests.",5
1261, July 2019,Good view but no champagne,We booked a room for Saturday July 27th and checkin was pretty late compared to other hotels starting at 4pm. The location was great because we went to see phantom of the opera. We got the champagne option but couldn’t even get it because I thought it was going to be delivered to the room. When I found out they had no room service we went down to the bar at 11:02 pm and the bar was completely closed. We weren’t able to get what we paid for and couldn’t get it the next day either. Also beware of this $40 amenities fee they charge on top of the room even if you don’t plan on using any of it. Your better off somewhere else,3
1262, July 2019,Never again,"What you can expect at ROW NYC is the following: 1) a clean and comfortable room with an amazing view (depending on your room of course) 2) having to wait in line for a long time to check in and check out (if you cannot use express check out. ROW NYC has no respect for their patron’s time. At the busiest times and with a very long line, they have the check in/out desk set up with between 6 to 8 workstations and only one person working. They do not care, nor respect, your time. 3) filthy elevators. For some reason, some patrons think it’s ok to drop your garbage on the elevator floor. The hotel also does not consider cleaning the elevators a priority so the garbage remains for way too long. 4) poor customer service. Do not call Guest Services. The name is deceiving because the",1
1263, July 2019,Awesome hotel. Highly recommend,"This was my second stay at ROW and I cannot recommend enough. The elevators are small and slow but the room, staff, service, amenities, and City Kitchen are great. I will definitely be returning this Fall.",5
1264, July 2019,Not worth the price,"For the cost of the room, I expected it to be clean and for the a/c to work properly. The bathroom walls and door were filthy. The tub lining was cracked and moldy. The a/c vent was full of dust. Poor",2
1265, July 2019,"Excellent Times Square Location, extremely decent and clean for the price.","For the price and location, it's hard to do better. The room was NYC small, but the beds were comfy, and the view was terrific. The room was a little shabby, but clean and decent. The only issue we really had were the elevators either not functioning properly and just long waits for them. They offer $45/day parking a block or so away that was painless. Service at the desk was excellent.",4
1266, July 2019,The Row Hotel,I found this hotel was very clean and tidy. It is only a block off of Times Square. It is central to many of the Broadway shows. The staff was friendly and helpful. I am so glad I booked in at this hotel.,4
1267, July 2019,Pleasantly Surprised,This hotel has been updated and the rooms are interesting and quaint. My room had a great view of parts of the city and it was comfortable. I wasn't expecting a lot but was pleasantly surprised by the room. I advise to get a corner room which has a view of 8th avenue and Jersey.,4
1268, July 2019,NYC Vibe,The location was great and close to so many establishments. When we checked in the staff was awesome and I like how security checked room keys at the elevator before letting anyone up. The rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable. Would definitely stay again when in NYC!,4
1269, July 2019,Crowded old noisy hotel,"Slow old smelly lifts, overcrowded, long waiting for everything, internet is slow, you can hear everything from the other rooms. Coffee shop overpriced with not nice employees. The location is central but the rest is not worth it.",1
1270, July 2019,Great hotel in a great location,"Hotel was in a great location for using the subway, eating, and going to broadway shows. Room was ready before check-in time and was clean. Friendly and helpful staff. I would stay in this hotel again.",5
1271, June 2019,Long wait for lifts,"Stayed 7 nights very small rooms,keys didn't work several times.The major issue with the hotel is staff aren't friendly and long wait to catch a lift. Think twice before you book My daughter just got back who travelled after us and recommended the Pearl she loved it.",3
1272, July 2019,Vacation in NYC,"Enjoyed my stay in Manhattan. This hotel is well placed, really close to Timesquare. Subway just at the corner of hotel block. Rooms not so large, but it’s Manhattan !! Calm and quiet place. I would get back there.",4
1273, July 2019,Not What I Expected From 4 star Hotel,"If I had to compare this hotel to anything I would say it's like having a middle seat in the back of a big airplane. It will get you exactly where you are going, but you know that your trip could be more comfortable in another location. But who cares, you paid the ""Hot-Rate"" Right? The nightly price of this hotel shoots up red flags, since it is so much less expensive than other 4 star and even 3 star establishments in the city. These prices do not reflect the obligatory daily facility fee in excess of $40 per day. The hotel does not attempt to hide the fee, I knew i would be paying it before I arrived, but my biggest question is why? Yes, there is a fitness center, which I did not utilize, there is wifi, which i don't need, and our included collapsible water bottles were just",3
1274, July 2019,Overcrowded and poor customer service,Overcrowded with long wait times for checkin; expect to wait 40-50 mins in line. There were no rooms available for early checkin before 4pm. Elevator was overcrowded and slow. Expect to wait at least 10 mins to get on. Customer service was poor. Wireless internet does not work even after calling guest services. Rooms need more cleaning and sink was clogged. Room card gets deactivated.This happened to me twice due to the poor quality of the room card. Customers are sent back to the front desk to change the room card for a new one. Lots of issue with this hotel and I will not recommend.,1
1275, July 2019,A hotel full of homeless people,"We booked 3 rooms for 6 nights on a Buisiness trip spending over £4000. The description on their site envisaged the property as a cool boutique style in a good location. So location was good, rooms ok apart from sticky carpets. What we did not expect or understand was that this hotel has 1331 rooms with a large proportion of the lower floors were given over to social housing (housing the homeless) . The entrance has a feeling of a train station with thousands of people coming in and out all day long it really did not feel like a £220 a night hotel. Please don’t misinterpret my review as being biased against the homeless I really respect New York City governments work to help the homeless but I am sadden by the misrepresentation by both the hotels website and booking.com. I",1
1276, July 2019,Highly Recommend!,"We chose Row NYC off of Airbnb, and we were highly satisfied. The rooms were updated and modern, and the bed was extremely soft. The staff was super friendly and provided excellent customer service! The check in/check out process was so simple, and the location is perfect in relation to Times Square. I highly recommend you stay here!",5
1277, July 2019,Homeless Shelter,"There is something going on on the 4th floor, found out it is being used to house the homeless now... read the articles. It's definitely an issue for ROW.. Many people coming and going between the 4th and 6th floor. Very strange. Elevators smelled like urine. Lobby smelled like urine. Elevators always were unclean and trash on the floor (sometimes kept that way all day). Staff was rude and unhelpful. No one seemed to really care. Not at all what we had experienced a couple of years ago. Will never go back there again.",1
1278, July 2019,Do not recommend,"Stayed here on a weeknight for business, should have realized the price being half of that of other hotels in the area was indicative of the quality, but I booked last minute and didn’t do my research. First thing I noticed was how dimly lit the entire hotel was and there is good reason for that...so you don’t notice how dirty everything is. Checked in after 9pm and chaos ensued with throngs of people at the elevator bank all trying to get into one elevator at a time. Even with almost 10 elevators, their elevator assignment technology took me 25 minutes and 5 elevators to actually get in an elevator to my 9th floor room. When I asked about taking the stairs, I was told they were just for hotel employees. I was helped by a helpful employee to get into the elevator eventually",2
1279, July 2019,Helpful and understanding,Worked with me to fix probs of lost I’d and credit card. Very grateful for their help. I dropped my card on the floor in crowded lobby. Young lady supervising desk clerks came up to room and returned it to me after helping me solve missing I’d problem.,4
1280, July 2019,Great place to stady,"Great place to stay 2nd time staying at ROW and NOT disappointed. Close to everything, Staff were friendly, rooms clean and perfect size do not need any more room. Just sleeping there and going. Great stay",5
1281, July 2019,Good Stay at the Row NYC,"The hotel is in a great location, close to subway, theatres, Central Park, etc. Staff was very pleasant and helpful when needed. We had an issue with wet carpet from AC and they were very nice to give us another room. Lounge is nice and the City Kitchen is great to grab food/drink quick. Will stay again.",4
1282, July 2019,Weekend in New York,"Nice Place to stay, will stay again. internet not the best but the site is a great location. Easy to get to almost anywhere in the lower manhattan area. The staff were friendly and had good information about the area.",4
1283, July 2019,Do Not Waste Your Money,"This hotel had very few amenities, not even an outside area within the hotel property to sit outside. No swimming pool, and was not aware of a fitness center. We had to call to front desk/housekeeping to request towels and a fridge several times, and the front door staff hit on us several times.",2
1284, July 2019,"Good location, but needs some updating.","Hotel was very conveniently located near Times Square and concierge service was quite good. Ana was a gem and upgraded us to a nicer room. It was a long awaited getaway for us and this act of kindness meant a lot! Reviews are accurate when they say lines are long and place needs updating. It's nice enough, but misses the 4* star mark due to lack of upkeep. I would recommend for business trips where you're in and out, but not if you want to indulge for a nice long weekend. Overall quite pleased with our experience.",3
1285, July 2019,Good situation for a NYC week end,"very close to timesquare, easy to access and with all the transport means you need close to the hotel (newark airport express, uber, metro etc). the system for the elevators is very useful to go faster and not to stop at each floor.",4
1286, July 2019,"great local, needs updating",If you are doing Broadway its hard to beat. The room price was just ok but fees ontop added $120 to the 1 nite stay. Rooms are outdated. Our A/C unit was so loud we checked out 7am as we could barely sleep and could not take it anymore. Our friend left 11pm for the same reasons and did not even stay overnight.,2
1287, July 2019,Regrettably Too Long and Too Small,Checking in lines are long. Everyone is told to come back after 4 pm. Need more front desk staff. Staff was pleasant despite the pressure. Single room is uncomfortably small. Bathroom door hits the bed. Climb around toilet to get into shower. You can't sit on the toilet without also being on the towel and toilet paper holders. Shower curtains too short so water ends up on the floor. The room was clean and bed comfortable.,2
1288, July 2019,"really comfortable, conveniently located for enjoying Broadway & NYC","This is our go-to place to stay when we want to visit NYC - relatively reasonably priced, very nice, good customer service, comfortable, fairly quiet and chill - just walk outside and you are right there!",4
1289, June 2019,I slept in a closet next to the elevator -- HORRIBLE,"It was the worst experience I ever had in a hotel. Reception was rude when I asked for possibility of upgrade since the room they gave me was absolutely impossible: it looked like a closet literally next door to the elevator, so you can imagine the noise. The clerk said ""you paid standard, this is what you get"". Unbelievable bad service. I had packages delivered and they said would deliver to the room and never did so I had to come to pick it up but they still charge me for hosting the packages. Next day I spoke with the manager, and honestly, although she was polite she did not care. i was only one client in a sea of big groups. How come they allow a guest to stay in a room so small, noisy and next to the elevator? I do not recommend this hotel ever, it is located right on mid",1
1290, June 2019,BAD EXPERIENCE,"Bad experience, very small rooms, very noisy, bad attention, bad service. Expensive for the location. It is not practical if you carry large suitcases. They charge you additional taxes. I would not stay there again.",2
1291, July 2019,Great Location!,"This is my second stay at this hotel. The price is excellent considering the facilities and location. The rooms are clean and spacious. You will find many people in the hotel, but it is a huge facility with many rooms. However, elevators are coordinated so as to allow access to your room as soon as possible.",5
1292, July 2019,Great location!,"Great Location! It was perfect if you want to be close to Time Square, Broadway Theaters. Hop on and Hop off bus stops. There was a great market outside our hotel Saturday morning, not sure if its always there but it was nice having it!",4
1293, July 2019,NEVER GO TO ROW DURING BLACKOUT,"The hotel is excelent for na ordinary day but if something happen like the blackout nobody in the hotel knows what to do or say People stayed during long time in the elevator, nobody knew what was happening and we found people scared without help",3
1294, July 2019,"Great Location, very small rooms","In the heart of the theater district, one block form Times Square. Fabulous location. The rooms are tiny and the elevators are confusing. The location makes up for the shortcomings. Decent restaurants on the property but better near by.",4
1295, July 2019,Good value and location at Row NYC,"NYC is an expensive place to stay, but Row NYC is great value and great location. Located on 8th Ave., right near Times Square, it's convenient for everything in midtown, close to entertainment and transportation. Rooms are clean and adequate for typical NYC stay: up early, out for the day, back to sleep – and repeat. If I have any complaints, it's the crowds. It can get busy at certain times of day around the elevators. Overall, this is a good choice for a budget traveller who wants a clean room in midtown.",3
1296, July 2019,Satisfied at the RowNYC,"Book on line. Take the room upgrade option, it's a good value. Easy to get to JFK on the E subway or going to Penn and taking the LIRR. Easy to get to EWR going to Penn and taking NJ Transit. Easy to get downtown and cross town on the E subway. Wide range of restaurant options. The M District lobby lounge is a great place to unwind at the end of the day. Elevators above the 15th floor can get backed up at check out time in the morning.",5
1297, July 2019,Fantastic Location.,Great location in Times Square - walking distance to everything. Rooms were okay however I was moved as I did not want a 'connecting' door room. The hotel had good food options with City Kitchen and District M downstairs. The lobby is modern and has a good vibe. The cleanliness was inconsistent - when I arrived the bathroom was still dirty from previous guests.,3
1298, July 2019,Average to good room for NYC standards. In another US city I would be disappointed.,"Great location for Times Square and Broadway shows. A little far to subway but not bad. Bed is comfortable. A little dark in lobby, elevator and halls. Bathroom tiny and not as modern as I prefer. The maid service was fine. It is just old and you can tell it. Again for NYC hotel standards to price it is fine.",3
1299, July 2019,Hostel from Horror film,"Do not book! This hotel is like a hostel in a horror film! The rooms, hallways and elevators are not air conditioned. Heat stroke waiting to happen with Summers in the city. HOT!!! The double bed is more like an oversized single bed, good luck fitting two adults comfortably. The staff will ignore your requests, not recognize you with friendly manners and are the least helpful staff in the city.",1
1300, July 2019,Horrible Experience,This was by far a horrible experience and I would never suggest anyone stay here...overpriced rooms for undervalued customer service. The staff was rude and extremely disrespectful. One of the room service aides was arguing on her cell phone while cleaning rooms...service was abysmal,1
1301, July 2019,Matt Baglin,"Very disappointed, paid a high rate, room was dirty and small, air conditioner was very noisy and also had an exhaust blower outside the window, very noisy 24/7 had to use earplugs to sleep, room was cleaned daily although not very good, carpet was sticky, plastic cups not replaced and dirt on floor in bathroom,elevators need to be controlled better as they are very small. Overall was very disappointed as the room rate was in high end. Paid for 4 star and received 1 star, to tip it off at the bar a Jamison on the rocks was $18 and a small beer was $8 overall worst hotel I have stayed in.",1
1302, July 2019,Wonderful hotel and amazing staff!,"I would like to highlight the wonderful help of the following staff members: Mr. Badoo, Ms. Cholong, Ms. Parizada (whom speaks Portuguese and Italian as well!!!) and Ms. Reina - they made our stay a true pleasure and I'd like to tell you to stay at their hotel any time of the year. You will not regret and have a good old time! :-)",5
1303, December 2018,Amazing 30th Birthday,"I’m disappointed so see some recent negative reviews, I stayed in Dec 2018. The staff were polite and helpful. The room was cleaned everyday. Excellent location! I’m looking forward to my next stay in Jan 2020 for my mums 60th :)",5
1304, July 2019,Vacation 2019 in NYC at ROW,"I've been on Row for 14 years, since his name was Milford. Sempe was very well taken care of in the hotel, and I give a special compliment to Marcelo Del Col for the promptness, care, care and attention that has always answered me! Congratulations!",5
1305, July 2019,Emergency systems did not work when on power outage!,Need to pay attention to hotel maintenance. Emergency ysystems do not work and pose a high risk. The hotel's age is showing. Location in Manhattan is great and management shall pay attention to details.,3
1306, July 2019,Bad,It was Terrible! The staff was unfriendly and not helpful! The elevator situation was ridiculous...over crowded and no air. Numerous request for extra pillows...fell asleep waiting on them to be brought to our room.,1
1307, July 2019,Best Staff,"I think they are very friendly and welcoming. Love their attitude and helpfuless! The room was clean, the check-out is easy, no sighs or bad attitude if there is an issue, they solve it and thats it. Perfect location as well. We will come back for sure. :)",5
1308, July 2019,Perfect spot for tourists,Clean and Convinient for Tourists in the center of times square and al the broadway shows. Lots of food options nearby and yes make sure you go to John’s pizza restaurant next to the hotel and try their garloc bread you will love it.,5
1309, July 2019,Marvelous stay!,"This was my first time staying at Row NYC! The lobby was clean upon entering, everyone that worked there was extremely friendly! I was put in a room with a gorgeous view of the city! Overall the staff went above and beyond to make sure I had a pleasant stay! I will for sure be coming back!",5
1310, July 2019,ROW,Every things was top drawer. Professional staff. I had hoped that the hotel offered music as advertised but there was none. The elevator system was brilliant. It was easy to figure out which one to take. Be sure to check for your checking gift when you arrive.,5
1311, July 2019,I will not recommend this place,This was horrible after the blackout there was no breakfast no gym no internet but they still charged for it all. How can you charge full price when half our day trip was spent outside the hotel with all our luggage!,1
1312, July 2019,Row NYC,The rooms are outdated. The staff was very rude and we weren't notified of the deposit that is due on top of the rest of our bill. Very unorganized. I do like that the security checks everyone's room key at night.,1
1313, July 2019,Great price and location,Hotel is conveniently located in Midtown Manhattan with a great view. It is priced fairly and has modern design. The elevators are fast as well. The room comes with 2 water bottle bags to tote around the city which was a very nice treat!,5
1314, July 2019,Worst Hotel in NYC,Stinky Lobby. Slow elevator. Like dormitory style. Worst customer service. Dirty. Expensive. Not worth your money. Go book your hotels other than this. So crowded. Literally crowded. Elevators stinks. Small elevators. Rooms are so small. 2star hotel rated.,1
1315, July 2019,Quality and close,"I stay at the row NYC every year and have never been disappointed. It is close to everything I need, clean and helpful. I recommend the Row NYC to all my friends and family. Close to Broadway and all my favorite restaurants.",5
1316, July 2019,Bad customer service,I was forced to leave the hotel room I was in when I booked a second night no one would help me stay in the same room. I went to concierge and called front desk and no one helped me I had to check out and they ended up giving me a room right next to the room I was in the night before. I had two large bags and I had to lug them to my car in the garage and ended up driving around all day til I could check back in. I missed a matinee as a result. I was not happy.,2
1317, July 2019,NOT WORTH THE MONEY,"First of all, I always seem to find good in all places....this was a tough one for me. I will say that the location was perfect. We were right in the heart of Time Square. I will start by saying that when I booked I specifically asked for early check in as we were going to be up at 3am and would be arriving by 10am. Upon check in I was told that I could not get a room until 4pm. I was a little put off but put our bags in the storage room and went to check out NYC. They had promised to email me when our room was ready. By 3:30pm I still hadn't heard from them and I was tired. I went to check to see if the room was available and it was (thanks for the email :/) The elevators were so tiny and so over crowded that it was ridiculous. We were on the 19th floor. I really did",2
1318, July 2019,Disappointed,"There was hair in bathtub, the shower head barely worked and I had to remove toilet paper from its holder in order to close bathroom door. The elevator smelled terrible (urine.) The room was clean and well appointed, but overall, this hotel had a very impersonal vibe.",2
1319, July 2019,Disapointing experience,"Not only were there no emergency lights on the 14th floor or the emergency staircase, no one handle the situation. Also, carpets were not clean, the bath leaked and the internet did not work throughout our stay.",2
1320, July 2019,Not recommended,"This hotel is rated four stars, but far from it in terms of service and standard. Always long lines to the reception and impossible to get service from unfriendly concierge. Rooms looks good in pics, but is more like a hostel standard. Not recommended.",1
1321, July 2019,ROW NYC,Great location..... price was very reasonable.....booked through Airbnb... I will continue to use Airbnb...... Row NYC was very clean and right around the corner to Times Square. I will definitely be coming back!!!,5
1322, July 2019,Great stay in New York - ROW NYC Totally Worth it !,"Had a great time in NYC, stayed four nights at ROW NYC in a King Size Bedroom, we were four including a Crib for our youngest. Typical NY hotel rooms size, but large enough. Price was good versus competiton. Very clean hotel, Staff was efficient even at busy times at check in and check out, rooms cleaned every morning. Security was present at all hours, which is nice in a busy area. Location is amazing, a block away from Times Sq., Subway is everywhere, PA Bus Terminal across the street. 15 minutes from Central Park, 15 minutes the other way to Empire State Bldg. We fully recommend. 5 Stars.",5
1323, July 2019,Amazing views in heart of NYC,"Good for a short touristy trip. You will love the views at night, Good restaurants around the place. It is right next to times square, Broadway, madame tussauds and 15 min from central park Checkin can be tedious and staff is a bit hostile",4
1324, July 2019,Great Location!,"Good hotel! Great location, close to Times Square, Broadway shows, many restaurants, stores and public transit. The rooms are average but for the price I was more than happy! Junior who worked at the front desk was amazing! Very friendly to welcome you to the hotel and NewYork and very helpful to ensure we had the best check in.",4
1325, July 2019,Great for a weekend in NYC.,"The ROW provided an excellent base for a three person trip to New York for a couple of days. Very reasonable price, good, clean rooms and overall facility. We didn't take advantage of the di ing choices, but all looked good. We will next time.",5
1326, July 2019,Didn’t even come clean the room!!!!!!!,The bottom line is when you pay for something you should get what you pay for. We paid full price for a room three nights in a row and they did not come clean on the last day. We had to call back a total of four times to even get towels and washcloths sent to the room. No compensation or anything was even offered. And they still charged us for the full facility fee. Don’t be fooled by the flashing lights and close proximity to time square. It’s just not good. And they could care less!,1
1327, July 2019,Average price for an average hotel,"We stayed here while J Lo was in town so options were probably limited. The location is good & we had no problem with Check-in or Check-out. The room was pretty compact with a very noisy air-conditioning unit. Hotel decor was average condition. Lobby always seemed busy. Biggest issue I had was the price of drinks from the bar, expensive even by NYC standards.",3
1328, July 2019,Great host,"the hotel is great not only for location but also for hoster name Junior. He is so generous and kind. We have a great vacation! The view in my room is also beautiful. This is locate in time square, so really convient.",5
1329, July 2019,Unequiped to deal with emergency situations.,"I stayed at this hotel, that is very creepy to start. The hallways are very dark, the rooms are tiny as is the bathroom and I got a view of nothing of value. Aside from that, upon arrival the staff were friendly and helpful and the location convenient in Times Square area. In room WiFi is hopelessly slow as is cell phone service. No room service, no coffee or tea in room. I went to the restaurant, which was fine, then went right to my room. A few minutes later the power blacked out for 2 hours. During this time there were zero warnings for the first 30 minutes. Then they announced on the intercom to only use the stairs. That was it. I called the concierge, to ask for help and was met with hostility. I asked if room service was available or if the restaurant was open, she said",1
1330, July 2019,Row Hotel review,Good hotel. Great tromp l’oeil art. Pleasant room with shower AND tub. Great location for theater. Fairly efficient. Would return again and probably book directly. Good eating options nearby. Helpful desk staff and concierge.,5
1331, July 2019,Great price and location,"My son and I have stayed in this hotel twice. We love the price and the location, so convenient to Times Square and Broadway. The staff is helpful and friendly. My only complaint (and I did not tell the hotel while we were there because it wasn’t a huge deal to me) would be the cleanliness. The sheets and toilets are clean — no issues there. But both times, we found other people’s items on the floor (a bobby pin, an earring), indicating that they don’t vacuum well. This time, there was also a single piece of dark (easy to see) hair left in the shower. Last year, we noticed that the alarm clock was in need of a dusting. Still, I would stay there again!",4
1332, July 2019,Great stay!,"Great check in, nice room, great location, right price. Perfect stay. The location is perfect for getting anywhere in manhattan. The rooms are clean a neat. The bar was friendly and nice, City Kitchen was amazing. What a great find in NYC>",5
1333, June 2019,Recommend!,Nice renovation from being The Milford. Good price - es0ecially hotel packages. Nice amenities - including Sugar Factory and City Kitchen. Great location. Recommend - especially if travelling with family.,5
1334, June 2019,Great stay except for package fee,"The hotel is really nice close to everything rooms are a bit small , bathroom very small, I had a great stay at the row; my only issue is when my bill came & I was charged also $170 extra because I had packages delivered to the hotel, that was definitely a turn off.",4
1335, July 2019,A Row we Go,"Speedy customer service. Small but very efficient and clean rooms, PERFECT location in midtown---you are close enough to Times Square but also close to the west side 'burbs' of HK so you can walk around there without feeling like it's a bottle neck. The elevators are a little odd.",4
1336, June 2019,Prices,"40$ per day for wifi which disconnected very often, TV France 24 not available but on the list, and many other things we did not need. In fact the price of the room was 210 instead of 170. In many other hotels in the world we always got the FREE wifi.",3
1337, July 2019,Wonderful Stay!,"Everything was great! Staff was very friendly and even got me in a room around 11 am despite the fact that they were full the night before! Room was clean and beds comfortable. 3 of us shared a room and we weren't overcrowded. Walking distance to so many places. Subway across the street, Times Square around the corner. Couldn't ask for a better location.",5
1338, July 2019,Nice stay for the night,Check in was great. Kudos to Christina at front desk for check in who was absolutely amazing. Luggage storage and delivery was systematic and efficient. Overall a great value and location to downtown Manhattan.,4
1339, July 2019,Best bang for the buck,"The hotel was within walking distance of Times Square, which was great if you're in town for a play. Junior and Douglas at the Check-in counter were amazing. They were so welcoming and had cheery smiles.",4
1340, June 2019,Gym Fees,"Why charge a quest this fee if they don't use it, You can keep track by the use of the room key for entrance to the gym. You have on file who uses it . Then charge those quest who use the gym but charge quest who don't.",4
1341, July 2019,"Great location, clean room, noisy aircon","Great location, clean room, but the aircon in the room was noisy as it turned on and off, and 3 of the 4 front desk staff ignored the people checking in - two were on their computers and one was scrolling on his mobile. When I finally approached the mobile phone user and asked if we could check in, he did.",4
1342, July 2019,Stay elsewhere!!!,"First and foremost I am not a complainer, I am ok with a no frills hotel with the basics as long as it’s clean! This hotel is everything but that. The pictures make the rooms looks so much different in real life! These rooms are tiny. I mean, like so tiny that you have to walk sideways to get to the bed. Aside from that, it was filthy! The walls, chipped and broken furniture, carpets had stains all over it! The bathroom was so dirty I went to Duane reade and bought Lysol wipes to wipe the sink, Tub and handles. There were splat marks on the side of the tub that looked like poop or blood! Moldy mildew stains on the walls. Smudge marks on the headboard, just absolutely gross!!! The girls at check in were rude! Outside it doesn’t look so bad, and the lobby Itself also looks modern",2
1343, July 2019,Row,"Nice location, friendly staff, back yard view quiet room, very good internet speed A fridge and a boiler will be welcome in room Very complicate to understand the billing of my stay (7 lines on my bank account)",4
1344, June 2019,A perfect location,I have stayed at the ROW NYC a number of times and will be sure to come back again! You can’t beat the location- right in the heart of it all! The staff is friendly and the breakfast crew is the best!!,5
1345, April 2019,Visited in April 2019,"Good Location and average service but there is a room for Improvement. Overall it is a typical city hotel with small standard rooms. I stayed here for 4 nights and on the second day of my stay probably 4 elevators out of the 6 went out of service. Another issue I had was with the elevator button on my floor, it gave people mild electric shock when you try to push/call the elevator to my floor. Hope you fix the electric shock issue soon Row NYC.",3
1346, July 2019,Great location & clean but a few problems,Old hotel but updated. Lobby & restaurant is great. The elevators are TERRIBLE! We were waiting 15 minutes one night to get up. They work differently. Couldn’t sit on the toilet either as box was in the way.,3
1347, June 2019,Perfect place!,"We stayed for two nights, the best place for that kind of money on Manhattan. 5 minutes from Times Square, 15 minutes walk to the central park, a good view from the window. The room is not big but cozy, everything you need is there.",5
1348, June 2019,Pleasantly surprised,"Best location for a reasonable price. Absolutely loved the City Kitchen, amazing food!! The views from the room were amazing. And the staff was pleasant and professional. I felt safe and secure. Referring all my friends and family.",4
1349, July 2019,Average stay in heart of NYC,The hotel was clean and located in heart of NYC. Easy access to all major attractions. But felt little discomfort staying with family as the rooms are small and congested. Could have been more spacious.,3
1350, July 2019,Staff,Cristina T. Was very helpful at check in. She was able to upgrade our room from our online reservation and just very sweet!!Location in time square is awesome and price was great!! Pillow top bed was amazing!! Great night stay!!,5
1351, June 2019,Inflexible policy on check-in,"We arrived at 1 plus in the afternoon. The hotel staff didn’t allow us to check in and told us to go back after 3.30 pm. Wonder why as shouldn’t check-in be 2 pm or 3 pm. We had to pushed our luggages to the baggage room which was on a different floor from the reception. We were made to pay tips for storing the luggage. We paid US$5. This was unnecessary as the hotel could have tried to give us a room if it was available. It seemed like they were trying to make us pay tips for storing our luggages. The hotel had a stench. Not sure if this is considered normal for NYC hotels. Security was tight only in the evening and one of the security guard was rather rude talking to hotel guests. Before I stayed in this hotel, my friend found on Google that it showed that the hotel is a",2
1352, June 2019,A Hotel like no other,"Upon arrival we are greeted with the arrival of an ambulance this is going to be good. At check-in, I accidentally inter check-in wrong and get sternly told by the male staff I am on the wrong side of the line, but the marking for the entrance to check-in was not clearly marked. Check-in went well the ladies at the front desk were wonderful. Now with the hotel is located near many attractions and a short walk for shopping and food. The rooms are small the walls are thin I could hear the people in the next rooms conversations and the noise from the elevator was loud these rooms are non-smoking but you could smell cigarettes through the airconditioning system. And at times getting into the elevators was an adventure since some guest did not seem to know how to use the push the",3
1353, June 2019,"Location,Location","Had a great experience at the Row hotel.A surprisingly quiet room with very comfortable beds.But it was the location that was so superb for us.If you are doing the broadway thing,this hotel is perfectly located.Also Times Square is just around the corner. Oh and the breakfast is well worth it,if thrown in with your booking.",4
1354, July 2019,Noisy,"An old hotel that they have done their best to modernise. But, air conditioning is noisy and the location is also very noisy. Staff are pleasant and the rooms are well furnished. Bar is very expensive, didn’t eat in the hotel. Great location for time square especially if your visiting for gay pride. Lots of food places to eat of 8th Avenue.",3
1355, August 2018,Immerse in the Culture,"If you want to get a taste of the culture of NYC, stay at ROW! My sister and I took a trip to NYC and had one of the best experiences here. Everything from the gift shop to the food court on the bottom floor was amazing. Couldn’t have asked for better!",5
1356, June 2019,Great location!,"This hotel was just around the corner from Times Square. We could walk to many places reasonably. The bus, subway all nearby. Hotel was clean and comfortable, free breakfast was simple but delicious. Staff was friendly.",4
1357, June 2019,Stay at ROW NYC Times Square,"Convenient location near Whole Foods and Central Park, clean room, friendly staff, efficient and fashionable use of space, convenient check out. Check-in took a few minutes as there are usually lines.",5
1358, July 2019,Great location,Bed is like sleeping on a cloud. Room is small but clean! One block off time square. Staff is friendly and helpful. A nice quiet atmosphere. 24 hr store in Lobby. 2 restaurants attached. Bar and lounge for nite gatherings.,4
1359, June 2019,Nice Hotel for the Price,This hotel was nice overall. The hotel accommodated us by allowing us to check in 3 hours early! Really helpful because we got to view the city without carrying around our bags. Cost was worth the quality of the room as well. Free breakfast and WiFi was a plus +++,5
1360, June 2019,Great location,"Fair price, but location is awesome! Breakfast is a good start.Near to subway station to get to Grand Central Station, 2 minutes walking distance to Times Square. Room was fairly clean but the room service and cleaning staff was very attentive.",4
1361, June 2019,Reliable Row NYC,"I walked over to the Row after discovering that my husband redeemed with credit card points apparently didn’t believe in giving you the room you paid for (my room was supposed to be much larger and have a bigger bed) and didn’t believe in providing window coverings (the flimsy blinds blocked no light). Since I had stayed at the Row many times before, the front desk clerk offered to upgrade my room. It was comfortable and quiet: a long shelf for my luggage, a bench at the edge of the bed, and two sets of shades! Thank you so much for accommodating me, Row NYC!",4
1362, August 2018,Never coming back,"If you want to experience the NYC that the worse criminal movies show, then come to Row NYC... If you want to feel like you will be raped and murdered in a hotel hallway, then come to Row NYC. Never felt to disgust and unsafe like in this hotel.",1
1363, June 2019,Need more than a Row or improvements!!,"We were extremely disappointed with this hotel. Customer service was poor, hallways were poorly lit, rooms were tiny and cramped and the staff here just didn’t seem interested in making people happy. We were denied a late check in even though travel delays prompted us to lose and entire day in the city. They just had no interest to go the extra mile to Row your boat in the right direction!! Worst hotel experience we’ve ever had in NYC",2
1364, June 2019,You get what you pay for.,"The rooms look bigger in the pictures and the bathroom is very small, the knight that I stayed was the night of the gay pride parade and the hotel was crazy, trying to get on the elevator was not easy because it was so many people in the area and you pretty much had to push your way through to get on the elevator.",3
1365, June 2019,Hotel staff were so friendly!,"Housekeeping staff were very friendly and nice! They took great care of us and the room was very clean. Hotel is in a great location at a good price. You can walk to so many theatres, Rockefeller Plaza and Madison Square Garde.",4
1366, June 2019,Fantastic Location - Times Square NYC,"My husband and I stayed here for a week just at the end of June 2019 after being recommended by one of my colleagues. The location of the hotel is fantastic - you literally walk around the block and you are right on Times Square and we were only 20 mins to Central Park walking and 20mins walking to Rockefella if even that. We were thrilled with the location. The room was impeccably clean which is one of my musts for a room - I hate dirty, mouldy bathrooms and this was certainly not either of those. Crisp white silicone and grout! Only down side was there was no ventilation extraction and unfortunately when we arrived it smelled a little damp due to others maybe not realising this, but after having the windows open as much as possible and certainly when we had a shower, the",4
1367, June 2019,Like putting lipstick on a pig,"My company used Row NYC for a trade show downtown. We reserved 5 rooms, with 2 of the guests coming back to me with complaints. Now, I book 100+ trade shows a year, and have never received complaints like this. One guest stepped on a large cockroach in their bathroom in the night. The other slipped in between the twin mattresses used as a ""king bed"" during the night. I know it's NYC and cockroaches are part of the population, but that's no excuse for a hotel. While the lobby and [some of] the rooms are nice, there's obviously a lot of updates that need to be made, especially for the price that's being charged per night. Unfortunately, we will not be staying with Row NYC again.",2
1368, June 2019,Its on Times Square,"Central location. However its just a bed and TV, bathroom and wifi. No refrig, no microwave, no coffee maker. wonderful bed but my husband and I could only get in BR one at a time. There is a bar downstairs and a fast food court. Also the conciege wasnt all that helpful .. she'd answer my question, but i found out she could have said more. No tips or suggestions. :(",4
1369, June 2019,Good value for money,"Good size rooms for two people. Good location,right round the corner from time square and a 20 minute walk from Penn station. The rooms were clean enough Would definitely stay again when in New York! Only down side out view was of a brick wall.",4
1370, June 2019,A Hit With Teens,"Room was small and basic but also bright, clean & comfortable. Plenty of hot water for morning showers. The adjacent City Kitchen food court was a big hit with my teen grand-daughters. District was a nice spot for a nightcap and for above-average continental breakfast.",4
1371, June 2019,Great Stay,Great hotel in a great location! It was in the heart of Time Square and close to everything we wanted to see while in NY. We took our grandson to NY for the first time and he loved his stay. We will be back!,5
1372, June 2019,3rd stay and still great!!!,"This was my 3rd stay at the row and it was still great!! Easy check in!! Junior on the front desk was soooo nice and helpful!! High floor, amazing view, clean, comfy and in the middle of everything!!! What more can you possibly want from city break!! When you are never in the room anyway expect to sleep!! The only issues we had was that only 2 elevators were working one morning but by the evening 3 were working! (Things happen and break) however they got them resolved ASAP!! I would definitely recommend and stay here again!!",5
1373, June 2019,Row NYC Hotel,"This was the third time we stayed at the Row. Excellent location, clean rooms are small but more than adequate. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Luggage storage is available. Lobby has a small bar/restaurant that is perfect for grabbing breakfast or a drink and snack in the evening.",5
1374, June 2019,Disappointment with ROW,I've stayed at Milford Plaza many times. Was satisfied with it. The only good thing about Row was its location near to Times Square and walking distance from Penn Station. Blah blah blah blah blah blah. There's your 200 characters.,2
1375, June 2019,Love this hotel,I travel from Pittsburgh to New York City several times a year. And I always stay at same hotel. Highly recommend. Staff is friendly. Location to broadway theaters is great. Great bar across street. Great pizza one block down.,5
1376, June 2019,Terrible management,I had a terrible customer service experience! I wrote to the gm and did not get a response. His management team was clueless. Asked for his card and got a post it note with his name and email on it! Very unprofessional,1
1377, June 2019,Tired and True,"Convenient location, decent sized room that needs a major update...elevator system is weird but I did not wait longer than 3 min....hallway dark and feel grungy....luggage stroing staff and housekeepong friendly annd helpful...front desk personnel a mixed bag....",3
1378, June 2019,Not all good for me,"- Position is very good. - My package was breakfast included but during my 1st breakfast, I discovered that not everything on the buffet was included (something needs ti be paid additionally). I was not aware by the hotel before. - Room was not well soundproofed: even if I was at 25th, I heard cars running. - Check-in and check-out were fast and easy.",3
1379, June 2019,Great place,"The location is great close to Time Square, Broadway and great restaurants. The employees are wonderful, very helpful. Would definitely stay again. The only drawback is the smell in lobby and elevators, need to clean more or use a cleaner with a more enjoyable fragrance.",4
1380, June 2019,Great location,"The location of the hotel was great. It’s a 2 minute walk to Times Square, 8 minutes to Central Park. Subway is close by. The hotel elevators are extremely annoying. They are small, stuffy and take forever. Check in took a little while, check out was easy. The rooms get cleaned everyday which is good. The walls are paper thin, you can hear everything. Overall it wasn’t a bad experience, it’s pretty much what I expected for New York. Probably a little too expensive for what you get.",3
1381, June 2019,Hit and Miss,"Our recent trip on june 24-27th was an overall good experience. We had an issue with one bellman being fairly rude to us but then another stepped in and more than made up for his poor attitude( the lovely bellmans name started with a b? Barnice?). We were thrilled to Get our room before 3pm! We had an issue with our card being charged twice by both hotwire and the hotel which we were told was an issue between the two of them. Kathy took very good care of us and the charge was sorted out immediately! Thank you to Barnice and Kathy! If it werent for you, we would not have had as enjoyable of a trip!",3
1382, June 2019,Excellent location,"It was my second experience in this hotel, and I would definitely stay there again. Very good location, close to attractions, theaters and train stations. The hotel connects to a food court that gives you discounts for being at the hotel.",5
1383, June 2019,LOCALE SUPERB!,"Location for sure, right in the center. We were lucky to get an upgrade to a larger room on the 27th floor. The view was beautiful, to the left water and to the right a peak of the Times Square sign. Personable and professional staff. We had a great time until my daughter fell ill, I was traveling alone with my 8 year old daughter. I added a night so had to re-activate my room keys, but my daughter still had a fever and a stomach bug. Housekeeping offered to sit with her while I ran down, I declined but how sweet of her to offer. When I added the night, it was again for the “standard rate” and remember I said I was upgraded at original checkin. My daughter was physically ill & with fever so they were kind enough to allow me the courtesy to stay in the same room without a",5
1384, June 2019,Go to the Row,"This is the place to be if you want to be in the action of Times Square and the theatre; otherwise, find a place that is not as busy and where you can't hear the traffic. Junior, our front desk clerk, was amazing! We were granted late check out with no hassle and the housekeeping staff was so accommodating. Clean room and comfortable bed. Have stayed here twice and would stay again.",4
1385, June 2019,Great Hotel,"Row NYC has a lot going for it- convenient location to subways, AMTRAK, Port Authority, and theaters; friendly and helpful staff; comfortable rooms, reasonable prices, it is my favorite place to stay when visiting NYC.",5
1386, June 2019,Decent hotel for fair price,Great location with easy access to the subway(literally 100 feet from the hotel entrance). Rooms are nicely appointed but small as you would expect in Manhattan. Housekeeping and baggage staff were great..front desk was a little icy..think they need more help. The place is hopping at night with free entertainment most nights that draws a good crowd. Would stay there again,4
1387, June 2019,Sunday Girls Trip,"ROW NYC was a great hotel! Brought my daughter to see Mean Girls on broadway Five minute walk to the theater and countless options for shopping, eating, and other activities within walking distance. We had more than enough to do in the area without venturing through the subway. Room was clean, decent view, I was able to check in early at 11am which was a plus! The girl at the front desk was super nice (wish I remembered her name) and very helpful. This will be the only hotel we stay at going forward. No complaints at all!!!",5
1388, July 2018,Really?,"After prepaying, we arrived and were told we could not stay at ROW NYC because they had overbooked and booked us into a lesser quality hotel. We were meeting friends who were visiting from overseas, staying at ROW and had plans to stay with us. Don't take your chances, do not stay here, there are better hotels in NYC, just not this one.",1
1389, June 2019,Girls Trip with Granddaughter,"Don’t stay here!! I would love to say something positive because the staff at check in was so nice but it doesn’t make up for the deplorable cleaning standards and the dark depressing halls. The room was not clean at check in and after witnessing the house keeping lady cleaning our room I understood why. She literally never used a rag to wipe down the bathroom. She threw a chemical from a bucket into the bath tub and that was it. There was no wiping, no rinsing, nothing. Then onto the toilet. She sprayed the top and preceded to wipe it off with toilet paper. She did not lift the seat, nothing. I have never found a way to clean without rags in my own house, much less a space that multiple people are in and out of. She didn’t vacuum, was bothered when she had to do the bed and",1
1390, June 2019,NY trip,Pro- Hotel is in good location. More affordable than most in times square. Cons- Rooms are tiny and older looking. Elevators were really slow. No closet at all to hang clothes. My bathtub faucet broke off when I first used it. (They did fix it right away),3
1391, June 2019,Just good location,"What is great about this hotel is the location. Lifts are so damn slow, so small rooms and also noisy. They tell you its free wifi etc but then they charge you 40usd per night for hotel facilities without telling you!",3
1392, June 2019,ROW NYC,Nice accommodations with ideal location for Times Square & theaters. I will definitely stay again. Good staff & very helpful. Cool bar & innovative cocktails. Great restaurants near by. Many close choices of places for breakfast.,5
1393, June 2019,Fun Trendy Hotel,Row is a super trendy hotel right in the heart of Time Square. Considering it’s location we expected it to be loud but we’re pleasantly surprised by how quiet it was. It’s so close to absolutely everything! We walked everywhere! We also booked one of the Top View hop on/ hop off tours and the stop was only a 3 min walk from the hotel. The fitness room is really nice and the restaurants and cafes in the hotel are super convenient. The front desk staff were absolutely wonderful and went out of their way more then once to make sure our stay was more then perfect! The room keys double as luggage tags that you get to keep at the end of your stay which was awesome! The only minor complaint we had was the elevators. They are small and get very crowded and sometimes they missed our,5
1394, June 2019,Don’t Stay Here!,Dirty and smelly lobby. Terrible elevator system; elevator smelled. Poor and insensitive customer service!!! Front lobby manager and front desk clerk were seen laughing at a hotel guest after he complained about his room (guest had left the front desk area after complaining). They immediately stopped when they saw I was looking at them and was telling my husband what they had done. DON’T STAY HERE!!!,1
1395, June 2019,It hurts the staff of the cafeteria,"It shows where the cafeteria come from, bad treatment, bad people, they are just dishwashers. I ask you to give courses of treatment and customer service to cafeteria staff and improve; not only the tips should move a good service, because although they were given the tip, they did not serve willingly, they are a disaster",3
1396, June 2019,Lacking bathroom conveniences uh as shelf/counter space,"Hotel staff friendly however, room accommodations very minimal. Conveniently located to theater and subway station. There was a long wait for elevators. Would have liked to have something to heat up water or make a cup of coffee.",3
1397, June 2019,Not great but okay for location,Hallways and elevators need to be brightened and sanitized more often. More counter space for the bathroom is needed. No fridge or keurig or microwave either. Room itself was clean. Gym needs better ventilation.,2
1398, June 2019,Abusive and non requested room/ resort taxes,"I did my reservations at Hotels.com and as always, I have paid for it in advance. When I arrived at the hotel, surprise ! I was informed there was a mandatory extra fee of 40 dolllars a day for the use of internet (although I had free WIFI in my reservation), safe in the room and fitness center!!! I do not recommend this hotel, because you get all those items anywhere for free. The service was not good, very slow and crowded elevators, big lines everywhere. I will never come back.",1
1399, June 2019,Highly overated and overpriced.,Our shoebox of a room cost us over $400. Had my sister told me ahead of time I never would've went here. The pictures make the rooms look bigger than they are. If you don't mind wasting ALOT precious vacation time waiting for an elevator This is the place for you! Never EVER EVER have I had to wait anywhere from 10 to 25 minutes to get on an elevator! We got back to our room around midnight and the huge amount of people waiting for an elevator was like cattle in a box car. I'm not kidding! In the morning I swear I waited 25 minutes to just get out of the building. We were on the 19th floor. Never ever will I stay there again! no washcloths but there was a paper slid under the door in the middle of the night with additional fees on it amounting to $40+ more and we only stayed 1,1
1400, June 2019,Steady and Great,"Still a great performer and a steady, reliable hotel. Front desk very responsive and offers to do more than asked. Rooms clean and sized for NY. Location just far enough from Times Square to be workable and near to alternative restaurants and services and entertainment including Theater Row.",5
1401, June 2019,Terrible Hotel Experience,"I recently stayed at Row NYC on a business trip and it was a truly horrific experience. I have travelled extensively and stayed in hundreds of hotels around the world and the inconvenience experienced here was beyond anything I have experienced. The worst part of our stay was the AWFUL elevator situation. To enter the elevators, you need to punch your floor on a keypad in the elevator lobby and were told which elevator to enter A-H. The elevators were SO, SO backed up that it would take 10-15 minutes to get an elevator EVERY SINGLE TIME. People were packed like sardines in the elevator lobby while waiting for the TINY elevators to come and go, and guests were often VERY rude and VERY pushy because it was a desperate situation. The hotel is located in times square that is a",2
1402, June 2019,Bad service,"Location good, too bad they shuffled us to another hotel in a room that was not comparable. Cant really rate the hotel rooms but the level of service was not what we expected from an upscale hotel. The room we were provided free was a double bed, not the qeuub",3
1403, June 2019,Bumped after long check-in wait,"After traveling nine hours I finally made it to the hotel, waited in line for a half hour to check in only to find that they had overbooked and I needed to walk to the new hotel they had reserved. Not a fan.",1
1404, June 2019,Reasonable hotel,"Reasonable and affordable, the hotel's location is excellent in the heart of Manhattan. Internet access is included, computer services are included, gym included very well. The hotel is close to the famous Broadway theaters, close to Times Square, close to the Port Authority bus station and more . To sum up the hotel is definitely reasonable!",3
1405, June 2019,Very Good,"Good location, staff friendly and helpful (particularly Junior on check in) Arrived early and left our bags til check in & managed to get an early check in too. Room was clean, spacious & bed very comfy. No noise/ light issues - in fact we overslept! Good shower as well. Minutes walk from Time Square & plenty of bars/ restaurants nearby, Roxy’s deli/ restaurant & Smiths bar we’re both great & reasonably priced. Subway right on the corner as well.",4
1406, June 2019,Very dissatisfied,I booked a reservation and had a change of plans and cancelled my reservation even though it was a week in advance . The representative stated that reservations cannot be cancelled and I am still responsible for payment in full. WOW!!! What a cancellation policy. I would encourage you not to stay at this hotel unless you are willing to eat your money if your plans change. I will not be booking at this hotel again.,1
1407, June 2019,Very average.,The staff wasn’t very friendly. Only one person at the front desk while many people were waiting in line to be checked in. Overall my stay was very average. It wasn’t bad but it didn’t have anything that made is specially good. Just normal.,3
1408, February 2019,Superbe hotel,"Great location, very friendly staff/employees, awesome customer service! Comfortable beds, nice bath/shower, great check-in and check-out service. Lots of restaurants and stores nearby. Definitely recommendable!",5
1409, June 2019,Great location.,"Great location for Times square and centralized for seeing the popular attractions. Seeing a show or shopping, 9/11 memorial is a 7 stop ride on the subway. $3.00 ride.Parking is a 1 minute walk to the hotel.",4
1410, June 2019,Great location in the heart of NYC,"The hotel is ideal for all types of guests whether on business or leisure, single or family... it’s convenient location provides easy reach for transport, restaurants, broadway theatres, shopping & especially Times Square",4
1411, June 2019,So disappointing at the Row,"Had stayed here before, about 2 years ago and it was cool. This time, there were crowds waiting to get on elevators at every hour, requiring you to miss about 3 quickly-filled elevators before you could get on. One time, after pressing the elevator button to go downstairs, the screen kept saying ""No lift"" ( though one eventually came). Many guests were really seedy looking. In the room, there was black mold around the tub, the laminate on the furniture was chipped off in chunks, and the wall mural behind the bed was all scratched up. We were on floor 11 and heard sirens all night through closed windows. It seems like they have not maintained the hotel properly, and the lower prices are attracting a trashy clientele. Sadly, we will not be back...",2
1412, June 2019,Really close to time square but,"Hotel is smelly, staff is not really friendly, rooms are extremely small and not comfortable. My husband and I didn't like it at all, breakfast is horrible. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again, totally overpriced",2
1413, May 2019,"Great Location, but........","I don't want to give the impression that this is not a good hotel, but there are issues that may annoy. - It is well located close to all theatres, great selection of restaurants, main bus terminal, metro and shopping areas. We only had to walk around the corner to the theatre we attended one night and Times Square is within a short stroll. Rooms are comfortable and clean, but rather small. We also found the room very noisy day and night, from external sources, sounded like some kind of machine/airconditioning system. Front desk staff were professional and friendly but long check-in queues made it difficult if you just wanted to ask a question. One real issue which annoyed us was the wait for elevators, especially when going back to your room in the evening with large crowds",3
1414, June 2019,"Comfortable room, staff issues","Well located hotel, crowded lobby, clean modern rooms, but short staff in front desk, long lines to check in. We had trouble with an unjustified extra charge in the credit card and had to complain twice in order to get a solution and compensation",3
1415, June 2019,Great visit in NYC,"We had our family reunion in New York this year and the ROW NYC was the perfect location to stay in New York and visit the entire city. The hotel is very cool and very modern and also clean and comfortable. At the same time it located in the middle of midtown at walking distance from many New York landmarks. The subway is also right below the hotel and we could easily reach lower Manhattan and other neighborhoods such as Chelsea, Soho and the Village. Great staff very friendly and helpful. We all had a great time in New York City.",5
1416, June 2019,Can't be beat.,"The hotel is an outstanding location, the front desk staff is the best I have ever seen, the hotel is clean and well maintained. The rooms are a bit small, but well put together, attractive and comfortable. You walk out the door and you are right in the middle of the action. We have been impressed with all the staff from the front desk to the breakfast crew to the cleaning staff. Everyone has a big hello and there is a feeling of a team effort. You can not go wrong with Row NYC",5
1417, May 2019,NYC experience at a great price,"It was my third time at the NYC Row and I'll recommend it again. It has a great relation between price and confort. It is a trendy hotel allied with great staff, great location and great variety of services.",5
1418, June 2019,Great for theater,"The hotel's location is perfect for theater lovers. At several theaters, I could easily have used the bathroom at my hotel during intermission. Plus, it's handy to a lot of good restaurants and the price is most affordable (for New York).",5
1419, June 2019,"Clean, quiet, great location!",Stayed here for 1 night on a business trip. This was my personal choice as I was coming in early for a mini vacation before a conference. Enjoyed it here more than at the other 2 major chain hotels I stayed at. Air conditioning was quiet. Room was fairly clean and modern. Though I did not love the bed it was ok. Global long distance included in service fee. Room is tiny but perfect for a solo Traveller or two of smaller stature. Ample storage room considering size. Very tall hotel and great views from upper floors. I did not pay extra for a good view and got one anyway. To be guaranteed a view it only cost a few dollars.,5
1420, June 2019,Not worth the low price,"Cheap rate, but long lines to check in. Waited half an hour to check in. Took another half hour to get up in the elevator. Total chaos. The rate was good until I was hit with a $35 ""facility fee."" Total rip-off.",2
1421, June 2019,Facilities Fees rip-off!,"The hotel was ok. Small rooms. Be careful of the 'hidden charges' I was charged US$278 AFTER we had completed our stay. When questioned, hotel reservations blamed everyone else because 'hotels in US charge these fees'. Then it was explained that these fees cover wifi, gym, etc; yet they clearly advertise complimentary wifi,etc!Further, the Reservation manager told me that I should have booked through the hotel direct, then I wouldn't have been charged these fees. So, what they are doing is creating a second room rate for people who get a good deal from agents. I say it is a rip-off! I will NEVER use this hotel again. You make your own mind up.",2
1422, June 2019,Beware of this hotel,"We reserved a room on our way to the city for a one day trip. It was my brother and I and when we checked in, we requested a room with two beds only to be told that we had to upgrade to get two beds as it was “the last room”. We were told by Cesar we had to pay $30 for the “upgraded room”. I talked to my brother and we decided it wasn’t going to be with it and we said as long as it was a king bed we would be fine. Cesar pushes back and says we’re going to need to upgrade because the two of us won’t fit in the standard room but hell do us a favor and sell it for $15. We said no, and we’re assigned into a room that was smaller than 10x10 and sharing a wall with the elevator. When we came back down the other agent switched us to room 1647 and told cesar to update the reservation",1
1423, June 2019,The good and the bad,"I really want to give an honest review, so going to try my best. There were definitely perks of this hotel but unfortunately some downsides that just made it hard to enjoy overall. The good: -1 block from Times Square. For the price, it’s the best deal in town if you want to be close to this area. We only had to walk to the end of the block to get to the theatre we were going to one night. -Room was clean, neat and all the staff were professional and friendly. -room darkening shades really helped. It’s noisy at all times of the day and night because of the location but the air conditioning was loud and gave a kind of white noise that actually helped a lot. The not so good: I’ve seen this on many reviews and had no idea what an issue it really would be: the elevators.",3
1424, June 2019,Our favorite NYC hotel,"We stay at Row NYC 3 times a year for our family weekends in the city. Rooms are clean, hotel is great. Remember if you drive in....park at the ICON on 44th between 7th and 8th. Get your parking stub confirmed at the hotel and they give you a discount rate of $40 per day.short walk around the corner to the hotel. The concierge us always helpful.",5
1425, June 2019,"Quirky, cool and fashionable hotel!","So, firstly, if you get Junior checking you in - you are lucky! He was absolutely amazing. The hotel is exactly what we needed, a clean room, clean bathroom, hot water and air con! The air con (as with them all) is quite loud if you have it on when sleeping. The bar downstairs is good, and has a good variety of alcohol and non-alcoholic drinks. So central to everything, so I would definitely stay here again.",5
1426, June 2019,Saved by Shantelle!,"After a long flight from the UK, we arrived at the row to be told that our Travel Agents had cancelled our booking! This was obviously quite worrying and after several phone calls to our TA it was sorted but this would not have been possible without Shantelle, who made us feel welcome, safe and made us smile. We had a great stay at the Row and this experience did not ruin our first visit to NYC. So thank you - excellent hotel, excellent location, we’ll be back!",5
1427, June 2019,First time to Nyc,"I read reviews before coming and was a little worried honestly. When we arrived it was fine , check in was easy enough and the lifts worked fine. The lobby looked nice and modern however when we made it to the room I was a bit disappointed. The furniture was scratched, blind was dirty and so was the lamp. Most of the powerpoints did not work besides one so I couldn’t use the hair dryer or charge my phone on my side of the bed. The bath had chunks of paint and bits out of it and the plug was loosely in there. It looked dirty and staying here wasn’t cheap. However, besides the room we didn’t have any other issues. The hotel is in the heart if the city and the subway is just a walk away. If you’re not worried about cleanliness I would still stay however I think I would try",3
1428, June 2019,Highly recommended Hotel in Times Square,It's our 1st trip to NYC and staying at ROW is such a pleasant experience for us in terms of the room and how it is within walking distance to places we want to visit... Value for money and had made our trip enjoyable,5
1429, June 2019,Great Experience From the Start!,"My experience at The Row has been exemplary from the very start. I was checked in by Shantelle and she did an incredible job of making me feel both welcomed and appreciated as a customer, extremely polite, professional, and friendly. The room was spacious and quite clean. The location of the hotel is excellent as it is walking distance to many of the attractions people come to the city for. I will certainly be staying again thanks to Shantelle!",5
1430, June 2019,A loyal customer no more.,"I've been a loyal customer at this hotel for decades, going back deep into the Milford Plaza days. No more. A recent stay there was full of aggravations. First was the ""resort fee,"" $30 a day added to the bill for little more than wifi. Wifi is not much needed in NY with strong 4G and now 5G signals. And the hotel wifi was often so spotty that we turned it off and relied on cellular. Second, the music. You enter an elevator and it blasts at you. In one elevator ride we were accompanied by an African=American family with young children. The rap music playing included the N-word. Is there no sensitivity in this place? After a show, we stopped at District M for a drink and conversation about the show, But the music was so poundingly loud that conversation was not",2
1431, June 2019,Good location worst service i faced,The location is amazing. Center of Manhattan. Walking distance to any major attraction. But the service is one of the worst if not the worst i have ever faced and i am traveling a lot due to business. Small rooms with very basic amenities.,2
1432, June 2019,Excellent Stay at Row NYC,"This was our second time staying at Row NYC and we will definitely be staying there again. Everything from the rooms to the location to the staff to the amenities is fantastic. The price is great too, especially for NYC. I couldn't recommend staying at Row NYC more!",5
1433, June 2019,Disappointing,I wasnt expecting luxury but this hotel missed the mark on many basic levels. We had no soap in the bathroom. The room was insanely dark. The toilet wouldnt flush. Check in was a nightmare. Wont return.,2
1434, June 2019,Not Recommending,Overall I am very disappointed with the elevator because of the waiting time. Very crowded hotel. Employees are nice and friendly. Smells like cigarettes on our floor (17). The only good thing is that it's too close to everything and whatever you need is almost available close to the hotel.,1
1435, June 2019,great location -,Super close to mostly anything you would want to see in NYC. I would way prefer glass glasses! And of course the plastic is so wasteful. But clean and efficient room. Great shower. We had a nice view of the water,4
1436, June 2019,The Row,Some bad experiences and some good. Difficulties with check in. Difficulty communicating with staff at times. Overall I would not stay there again except it was so very convenient for us since our main reason was to go to Broadway Dance Center a few minutes away.,3
1437, June 2019,great Service,"I checked in very late, around midnight- the desk staff was very helpful and eager- surprising at that time of the night. i asked for 2 bottles of water and the girl was quick to get it from the back- complimentary. I had a quick, under 11hr stay but it was great all around.",5
1438, June 2019,"Overpriced, small, old rooms, and they charge facilities fee for nothing!","Completely underwhelmed by this hotel. It’s in a convenient location near Times Square, but the room is tiny, it’s really old (step in the bathtub and you know it’s one of those cheap bath fitters put over something else because it bends and flexes beneath your feet), door frame looks like it’s been painted over 200 times. I wouldn’t have an issue with all of this were it not that it’s rated as a 4-star hotel AND it costs as much as a 4-star. I actually got my room on Hotwire at a “deal” for $200, but after taxes and fees AND a $40 facilities fee, it came to more like $300 for the night. I asked what was included in facilities fee: two cheap folding water bottles, access to gym, local/long distance and international calls, use of computers and printers. Oh and Wi-Fi. Well,",2
1439, May 2019,Fab hotel in great location for Times Square,"Myself and my sister in law stayed at the Row NYC in May for 4 nights. The hotel is in a fantastic location, very close to Times Squaren and the Broadway theatre district and most attractions are a short walk away. We booked a double room and was offered an upgrade on our arrival to a twin room with double beds which we took. The room was great for our stay, had enough room for us both and our luggage and the beds were really comfortable. The housekeeping changed our beds and towels every day. There were no tea and coffee making facilities, but you can ask reception for a kettle which I did to have a cup of tea in the morning! The staff were friendly and accommodating as well. There are plenty of places to eat around the hotel. We went to a lovely deli called Europan which was",5
1440, May 2019,Perfect full-scale hotel in the heart of Times Square!,"Perfect full-scale hotel in the heart of Times Square. I would stay again. All the amenities of a full-scale hotel. The live entertainment is a PLUS. Food court and sweet shop, plus plus. My only issue is that more front desk agents should be on duty to answer guests calls. It is very inconvenient having to get dressed and come to front desk in person.",4
1441, June 2019,Poor,The hotel it’s self needs a lot of work. The rooms are standard however the bathroom needs a new shower and toilet. The entertainment needs updating and the ceiling is too far down I felt suffocated. S,1
1442, June 2019,"Location, location!","Close to very fine restaurants , night clubs and other entertainment with the bright lights of Time Square in walking distance. Walking distance to major corporations for business meetings and MSG and Penn Station where trains can go in all directions.",5
1443, June 2019,Lesson learned,"I usually always search and read reviews before booking a hotel. I made the mistake of not doing it this time and won’t make that mistake again. I’m going to start with a positive… -contrary to some reviews, I was fortunate that The staff was kind and professional with us. -it was perfectly located, practically behind the Marriott Marquis in Times Square. Walking distance to almost anything. That’s pretty much all the good I can say. My first impressions as I walked in or dirty stairs that took you to the second floor/lobby/check-in area. On our way to our assigned room, you are to mark the floor of your room. You are then assigned an elevator which probably doesn’t fit more than 4 people but get ready if more are assigned to the same elevator. The moment the elevator doors",1
1444, May 2019,Only for short stay,"The room was not big enough to store two suitecases. It is really crowed in some moments but the location is good to visit the main points of interesting of Manhattan.The receptionist are very kind they solved immediately an issue with the first accomodation, when we arrived the room was not already and they gave immediately another accomodation",3
1445, March 2019,Row Row Row,"I stayed in this hotel a few times and the only thing I could complain about is the size of the rooms and crowd waiting in front of elevators. Most of the times , I have felt like I was waiting for a bus or metro at a subway station. Location is great. Right at the heart of NYC , Times Square. If you are travelling single , it is not bad at all. Frankly speaking, if you ever stayed in Hotel Penn down the road , in Hotel Row it may feel like staying at Waldorf. Overall , it is a good hotel at a good price in the middle of Manhattan. What else can you expect more ? It is a good price/comfort ratio hotel.",3
1446, May 2019,Good location but...,"We had a very small bathroom with no privacy. The barn door style door left a foot wide gap so beware of that if sharing your room with a partner. We also paid an upgrade fee for a premium room but ours was rather small, I'd hate to see what we'd had if we didn't upgrade.",2
1447, June 2019,"Once place, great location, below average customer service.","Overall our stay in The Row NYC wasn't a bad one. The room was quite small but had everything you need and as you spend most of your time out of it it didn't really matter. Good selection of discounts available as part of the resort fee, however we had to find these we weren't told. Lots of amenities and the location is perfect. Right next to time square and easy connections to lower Manhattan. Unfortuantly the one thing that did let our stay down was how rude the staff were. The second we arrived after getting stuck in ALOT of traffic (which we did expect) the staff pretty much just looked at us as if we were in their way. There was 1 person on the reception desk who wasnt particularly rushed to help any of the 6 people queuing for her. On the day we checked out the lady who",3
1448, June 2019,Hotel for visiting Broadway shows,"Renovated classic hotel very close to Times Square within the theatre quarter. Highly recommended for theatre goers. Everything in Midtown Manhattan is reachable by foot, from 34th to 63rd street. Take high floor for a great view.",4
1449, June 2019,"Pretty good, very big & busy, location","Location, location, location - certainly for everything Broadway, but soooo big and busy. There are better and worst in the area and everything has its price. Registration and the elevator wait can be long. Security present. Room was a special handicapped room, as was the entire 'wing', so probably not typical and bigger than usual. Big bathroom too. Decent, but not great shower. The pipes were making beyond NY noise - feared they would explode every time I flushed, but everything held up. Bed was comfy, but not great. Street noise was OK and wifi fast and easy to use. Foodcourt in the hotel is a plus. I'd go back.",3
1450, June 2019,Hidden costs,"Great location but check into all costs prior to booking. Bar tender in evening, friendly and efficient. Rooms small, but it is New York. Do not get the “continental breakfast”. Rip off. Plenty of restaurants near by with great food for the same price.",3
1451, June 2019,Staff from hell,"I booked a double bed CITY VIEW room for 2 people. When we checked in the receptionist (Paula I think her name was) told us she was moving us to a better room away from the elevators but this room had two single beds, I agreed as I thought she was doing us a favour moving us to a “better” room. When we got to the room the view was a brick wall.. I sent my boyfriend down to let her know we didn’t care if we were next to the elevators we just wanted the city views I had booked. He was greeted by a different receptionist who wouldn’t even look him in the eye and was picking at her nails. She was extremely rude to him and kept saying “two singles for two people, what’s the problem”. She called the manger over and it turns out they had over booked and there was no double bed city",2
1452, June 2019,Quality should trump convenience,"I am currently staying here for work and I brought my family in for the weekend. I picked this hotel because of its convenient location to where I’m working. I paid for an extra day so that when I flew in on the red eye I could check in early in the morning. I called the night before I flew in to let the front desk know I still planned on checking in that day, but not until the wee hours of the morning. They assured me my room would be saved. I get to the hotel, and sure enough they gave my room away AND still charged me for the extra day. They were not apologetic in any way. My check in process took 45minutes. The whole reason I paid for an extra day was so that I could get to the hotel and check in after a long night of flying, and rest. My second day, I had a 2 hour break",1
1453, May 2019,carpet,There needs to be a new carpet. That’s my only suggestion. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel. Loved the view. I wish the carpet would have been cleaner. I liked the location. The staff were very helpful.,4
1454, December 2018,The Best of New York,"The ROW is fantastic! Keep in mind you are in New York so what you are getting is slightly small and cramped I will be honest. The location for starters is absolutely wonderful! Near subway stations, tons of food, lots of theatres and of course Times Square this is one of the most conveniently placed hotels in the city. Then you have the amazing food options in the hotels City Kitchen along with the bar, oh and sugar Factory next door. The convenience if the Row is amazing. Amazing customer service even on their bad days they will still do everything to help you.",5
1455, May 2019,Great location,The hotel was in a great location! The hotel was clean. The rooms were small but very clean and comfortable. The staff was helpful and friendly! City kitchen had a great variety of food that was delicious!,5
1456, May 2019,Not the best hotel,"Small room, rude staff, no water heater , no cups, broken tv stand, the internet is always not working they kept on informing us that the manager is solving the issue! We always had to wait 5 to 15 mins to get the elevator! Gym is small but clean, they only have the basics which was fine... Great location, close to Times Square area and lot of good things around!",3
1457, June 2019,It’s ok,"I’ve just spent 3 nights here and I have mixed feelings about the place. First of all it’s neither luxurious and more like student digs. It’s my first time in NYC but have travelled all over the world and wouldn’t give it more than 2 stars. The room was nowhere as bad as I expected based on others reviews which was a relief. The room was clean although not spotless. We took ear plugs and we did need them because of aircon and outdoor fans etc. We slept very well and the bed was comfy which means a lot to me. The breakfast wasn’t worth having. We had no trouble at all with the lifts. We liked the vibe around the place. Check in was a breeze and the receptionist friendly enough. I did smell dope in the corridors and I do find the corridors dark and moody in a bad way, the whole",3
1458, May 2019,Over $150 for service fee!,"I will never return. Nice enough place for a inexpensive room, but, the $150 service fee makes the price outrageous. Nice staff but, service fee is disturbing. $150 for safe, internet, business center, etc is ridiculous. They should include all incidentals in the room price so there are no surprises.",1
1459, June 2019,Dysfunctional and dirty,"Staff was decent, but room was dirty and smelled disgusting. Elevator was terrible and had to hold my breathe every time I was in it. Drain didn’t work in bathroom my first day. Would not recommend to my enemy",1
1460, June 2019,Cool place,"Good location and facility, especially for the price. Located convenient to Times Square, theaters, and lots of activity. Check in was efficient, and the room I got upgraded to (for free) was right on the corner of the building overlooking the the avenue. Glad I found it.",5
1461, May 2019,Very central hotel,"The Row NYC is great for its central location you are literally in the middle of everything which is great. Our room was small but you only sleep there,it could of done with some touch ups like there was dust etc behind headboard and on skirting boards,there was a nic out of a draw,there wasn't a kettle in the room and the air con was quite loud. Breakfast was nice although there wasn't any information in the room about it so our 1st morning we picked up cereal and we're told we had to pay extra for that,although the pastries were very nice. The door staff never had a smile on their faces even if you spoke to them. We also had a problem with the room tax as they charged us $300 at the start of the holiday when we were told we would pay it at the end of the holiday and that it",3
1462, May 2019,It's a nice place to stay.,Row NYC (formerly the Milford Plaza) is an inexspensive (but nice) place to stay. The desk and/or door-folks are some of the most helpful people in the city. And it's a 1/2 a block from Sardi's. What more could you want if you are a theatre goer?,4
1463, May 2019,Poor Hotel Stopped in better Hostels!,"The lobby is beautiful! Then you get the elevators which is bad experience. We booked a Deluxe room expecting it to be clean, it was not and had really badly damaged furniture. We did complaint and it was swapped for a slightly better room although again it was not really clean either. The power kept tripping it was fixed each day however it kept happing so we found it hard to charge or phones etc, the water was brown on days and the level of cleaning at best was poor they even forgot to give us clean hand towels one day. I found the staff in the food market unhelpful and the same with the staff in the bar so I ended up going across the road to get coffee and breakfast. The only good thing I would say is the hotel in right in the centre of things so if you just want a bed",1
1464, May 2019,Only the location is nice....,"The only saving grace for this hotel is its location. Otherwise, there's nothing good to say abt this hotel. The elevator service is the worst. Can't believe there's an even more inefficient and ineffective way to program the elevators like this hotel does. Imagine you are at 16 floor and they just shut down the elevator on you at 7am! They have at least elevators but between 6-10am peak hours, only 1 elevator is working to service the whole hotel while the rest of the elevators sat idling around. Saving cost on your energy usage? The attitude of some of the front desk staff needs to be worked on. For some reasons, they thought they can be snobbish like the front desk staff working in a 5 stars hotel. Why is there a need to be snobbish in the first place?",1
1465, June 2019,Location!,"The Row is a very nice hotel just around the corner from Sardi's, Phantom of the Opera and Time Square. I like staying there to see a show, dinner and get back in a few steps. The people at the front desk are very considerate. The only thing I didn't like, is when you walk up the steps to the main lobby, it smells like pee.",4
1466, May 2019,Good place to stay,"We stayed at Row NYC for 6 nights in May-it was a great place to stay, close to subway and all the theatres. Upon arrival, we received an upgraded room with a king bed and refrigerator at no charge. Many complained about the elevators, but honestly, it's a very efficient system. Select which floor you want to go to, it tells you which elevator you will get on. It only stops at the floors which have been called for-we had no issues. Breakfast is sufficient-everyone can have 2 eggs, and cereal or pastry, fruit, juice or water, coffee. Breakfast is supposed to be served beginning at 6:30, one morning it was not ready until 6:45, which delayed us a little. Otherwise-no complaints.",4
1467, May 2019,Lobby area a zoo,"A lot of people milling in or around the lobby, but have security guards to check room access. Room was standard, clean, bit small. Nothing really good or bad to say - not fancy but if you need a cheap place near the action this will do",3
1468, June 2019,Surprising value with a great location,This smack in the heart of NYC. This is NOT posh like the NOBUs but it has great value for the price point. It is also close to the subway. The hotel and location are busy and super popular. The rooms are small but super clean. Welcome to NYC! The area is BUSY but the cool thing is in the weekends they shut the street down for a street market in the day! The staff are helpful and can't complete.,5
1469, May 2019,Third Stay,This was our third stay at the Row. We liked the convenient location. This was our first visit late in May and we found the area to be very crowded. However the street market in front of the Row was good!,3
1470, June 2019,Pretty bad experience,The lobby is beautiful! Then you get the elevators and it is a miserable experience. Tons of us hotel patrons were stuck waiting for 10-15 minutes (sometimes more) at a time. We cheated the system and took an elevator to a random floor (because the door was actually open) and took the stairs the rest of the way to the 17th floor while carrying out suitcases! Absolutely ridiculous. The rooms are small and basic. VERY small. Not especially clean. We also found two gnats in the shower.,1
1471, May 2019,Ridiculously Good,"A great location for basing yourself-few mins walk to Times Square and other great attractions like Broadways Shows etc. Port Authority a few blocks away. Numerous take away restaurants nearby with a variety of food. Had a room over looking the River. Room was extremely large and bed was so comfy :) Bathroom adequate size and water always warm. Ice and water machine just down the corridor. For such a large hotel, didn’t hear any noise from other guests coming or going and our room was near the lift. Also a bonus point-show your key fob to various attractions/restaurants nearby and get a discount :) Book you room now 👍🏼👍🏼",5
1472, May 2019,Great hotel,"Great hotel for price and location. Very friendly and professional staff! Row is my ""go to"" hotel when visiting New York City. Close to many restaurants, times square and the theater district. Taxis easily available too.",5
1473, May 2019,Good choice for a stay almost on Times Square,Perfect location near to Times Square and subway at not more than 100 metres from main entrance. From there you can explore this Big Apple just the way you want. Get overwhelmed by this metropole with Coney Island and Staten Island (to get some rest) easy to travel to within the hour! Central Park less than 15 minutes by foot,4
1474, June 2019,ROW - New York Times Square,"Central location on 8th Avenue - Busy Hotel. Check in may take a while but worth the wait once in the Room, Excellent memory form mattress. This is a central location so expect the noise from the City Streets at night.",5
1475, May 2019,Modern and central location,"This was our 2nd visit to New York, previously stayed at the Wyndham New Yorker, and have to say we much preferred The Row, check in was fast and friendly, reception area was unusual with loud music playing almost like a bar atmosphere for young cool people but I liked it!! and the lifts were good in the fact you tap in which floor and more or less takes you directly rather than stopping at each floor on way! We were on floor 15, we had 2 double beds in room as we were a family of 2 adults and 2 teenage daughters. Room was compact but for what we needed was adequate. I contacted the hotel before arrival as we had booked a single room for my mother-in-law on a different booking reference and asked if we could be close together, also that we were celebrating my husbands 40th",4
1476, May 2019,Fabulous Stay!,"Our stay at ROW NYC was great, the room was clean and tidy, the housekeeping did a very god job in cleaning our room everyday, the location was perfect and there were lots of food places nearby. The staff was nice and polite. Check in and check out were quick and smooth. We enjoyed every bit of our stay at ROW. We will definitely recommend it to our family and friends.",5
1477, June 2019,Worth the stay because of location,"The location of the hotel was literally in the middle of time square, were right 5 mins from all the shows it was great. The rooms were a tad small with not all that many immunities but it was still quite nice.",3
1478, May 2019,Couldn’t get much worse!!!,"Myself and my family (Husband and daughters aged 8 and 10) stayed in this motel for 8 nights. And let me qualify this by saying I have never left a bad review about anywhere i have stayed previously. Let me start with the good stuff. The housekeeping staff were friendly. And the food outlets that operate out of the same building were pretty good. That’s it. The rest is bad. So here goes!!!! We are a family of 4 and therefore had 4 suitcases. The room we had was not big enough for 4 people with hand luggage let alone 4 people with suitcases. It was tiny. For the price we paid it was a disgrace. There was no fridge and the phone didn’t work properly. And when you did try to use the phone not once was it ever answered by the concierge, reception, guest services... no one...",1
1479, May 2019,Top hotel inNYC,"It was an suprise trip, because there was an strike in Holland. When rebooked the flight from Chicago to Amsterdam, to Newark to Amsterdam.. But this hotel is the best in NYC, all the hotspots are nearby.. We are like to come back later this year. September / October .. for 4 or 5 days.. we hope they are not too expensive then ;)",5
1480, February 2019,HORRENDOUS DISGUSTING HOTEL,"This hotel is non other than what I call a ‘cat fish’! Booking this hotel I was so excited to arrive after seeing the ‘stunning photos’ online. After a long day of travelling and arriving in NYC we was so excited to see our hotel! When we pulled up in the taxi, the entrance was wow! Then that’s when it when down hill! We checked in fine then discovered they wanted us to pay a deposit in case we break anything in the room. Which is completely fair enough but when you see the photos of our rooms you will laugh. Cut a long story short I asked 4 TIMES to be moved. Every room and ‘upgrade’ got worse and worse. The rooms were tiny (a mouse could live there). The rooms were falling apart, I don’t think the hotel had been cleaned since it opened. We had blood on the sheets, toe nails",1
1481, May 2019,Missold - Tragic 1 star+ Chameleon,"This is simply a dreadful hotel. The fit out has been undertaken on a budget and include wall coverings with bright colours, cheap horrid carpet, old bathroom fittings recycled etc the shocking thing is they are advertising as a 4 star hotel. Surely this is mis selling. Hope everyone exposes this venue and stops the greedy owners from charging riddiculous sums for very poor facilities. On complaining the manager immediately agreed we could leave so don’t expect anyone to take any feedback constructively. Glad I’m switching to a real 5 star hotel today!! All customers should avoid this hotel!!",1
1482, May 2019,Fairly priced,Great location if you want to be in the heart of Times Square. First night the fire alarm went off several times which was startling. They did refund us some on our first night's stay because of it which we appreciated. The rooms are very small but I've found that to be common in NYC.,3
1483, May 2019,Great Spot in Manhattan,it's a great to be when you're on a budget. You can even do walk in reservation .. one of my friend didn't have time to book the day before but when we walked in.They were able to arrange a room for him on the same day. That was fantastic ! I'll definitely recommend that place.,5
1484, May 2019,"Our second stay, and I doubt our last!","We returned on 21st May 2019 from our second fabulous stay at the Row NYC, this time having brought along some more family members with us! We had 2 rooms, again on the 20th floor facing toward Times Square, and we had a lovely view of the lights atop of high-rise buildings and the glow from Times Square at night. Our particular room had 2 double beds to occupy the 3 of us (adults) and the space was more than adequate. Staff were friendly, as before. Location is perfect. We hope to return in the future! Thank you Row NYC! Gregory party.",5
1485, May 2019,Improve your reception team,"After admiting Row Hotel location is 5/5 in manhattan, my experience there was not that high ranked due, mostly, to the unprofessional treat I received from row receptionist team, in concrete, there was a very disappointing moment when I asked to a receptionist if he could make a call on our name to the taxi company to confirm a reservating and instead, he said: its out of my competence to do that. Do it by yourself. This portuguese receptionist, who was woring a pink shirt (to more details) was very unkind and unprofessional. We didnt like the checking process too, they were very unkind and didnt say welcome even!!",3
1486, April 2019,Attractive location,"Hotel is located in the heart of city near to all the point of attraction of NYC...great experience, good service and friendly staff made my stay comfortable...rooms were small but fulfil all the requirement of comfort. Thank u Row n Team.",3
1487, May 2019,Good hotel in the center of New York,If you want to stay on Times Square the ROW is a good an affordable option. The standard rooms are small. A queen bed is too small. Complementary breakfast is good but some more savoury options would be nice.,4
1488, May 2019,Very good service at row nyc,"Very good hotel. Well spotted near the action, restaurant and bars Would go back there anytime. It is near the metro It is near the bus that goes to the airport and you can take the hop on and hop off bus at the corner of the street. I will go back to this hotel",5
1489, May 2019,"Great hotel, perfect location","We love this hotel! Perfect location to Times Square, hell’s kitchen, Broadway, high line, and Central Park. We travelled with two children and walked everywhere listed above. We’ve stayed here twice and will definitely stay again.",5
1490, May 2019,May 2019,"LONG BUT WORTH THE READ My friend and I decided to take a long weekend trip to NYC. We found Row NYC which looked nice to stay at. Had pretty okay reviews and the price was reasonable for times square. From the beginning I could never get anyone to pick up to phone, so I booked online. Everything I would call to ask a simple question I would be on hold for at minimum 10 minutes. I would even be sent to the wrong department, told that they “couldn’t transfer me to the right one and that i would have to call the number again”. I let this go since my questions were not too serious. On the day of arrival our flight landed early so I went to call the hotel to ask about early check in. I was on hold for the duration of our 1.5 hour drive, only to find out they could not tell me until",1
1491, May 2019,"Trendy , comfy and clean !","By now you have already read all about the location : It really is close to everything : if you’re going to the theatre it’s a couple blocks away , a very short walk to both Penn station and grand central ( I walked to both and enjoyed the nice walk , maybe a 15 min walk , I didn’t time it , ) close to Times Square , and if you’re cruising , close to the cruise terminal as well . So enough about location . As far as reviews about how small the rooms are : it’s New York ! Who is staying in their room , and if you’re not on a budget go book yourself a penthouse then . Rooms are respectable size for a very short stay and mine was immaculate ! Another thing that is very important to me is comfort after all that walking and touring and the bed was super comfortable . I was on the",5
1492, May 2019,Great location,"Although it has a great location, the elevator sistem is kind of frustrating. Didn't enjoy waiting 5+ minutes for the elevator to then have to squeeze in with 7 others strangers or let it pass and wait for the other when there were like 6 other elevators not been used at the time. The sistem could improve",3
1493, May 2019,Great Location,"Check In was very smooth, our room was ready early. The elevator system is very congested, but I knew what to expect since I read previous reviews. The room is small, but larger than what I was expecting. The standard room has a closet, iron, ironing board, safe, hangers, etc. Rooms were clean, but very outdated. We forgot our toothbrushes, but the front desk was very kind in accommodating that need. The beds are very comfy, but the pillows are a little flat. We didn't have a city view room, so our view was just a brick wall. We had the complimentary breakfast, the croissants were DELICIOUS! We enjoyed the cappuccino and juice as well. Douglas was very helpful at check out and Juan P. was helpful on our last morning as we were scrambling to get breakfast earlier than they",4
1494, May 2019,Great hotel in the heart of NY,"Great convenient location in the heart of Midtown. I was lucky enough to have a corner room with both a fantastic view up 8th Ave and across to the river. The stand out for me was the staff . They were very helpful, a very friendly greeting and helped out with a late checkout.",5
1495, May 2019,Great Location !,"If you are planning a trip centered around Broadway shows, then this is the place for you. We saw 3 shows in 2 days and our longest trek was 5 blocks. ROW NYC is so close to all of the action and only one block from Times Square. You just can't get any closer for the value of this hotel. We arrived really early and Marcel was extremely helpful and gave us a pleasant welcome after an early morning trip. He was very helpful as we knew the room wouldn't be ready, but we were able to check our luggage and go out for breakfast and see the sights before our first show. Very nice to start the trip off with a good check-in experience. A bad one can set the tone for your whole trip sometimes. Yes rooms are not huge but who stays in their rooms when in NYC. Rooms are clean and comfy beds",4
1496, May 2019,Katie,Convenient location. Room design is simple and cool. Good security at night by checking room card before enter lift lobby. City kitchen food hall right underneath hotel is also convenient esp. if you arrive late at night (it close at 11pm),4
1497, May 2019,Dissatisfied,"If we had not located the service elevators, we would have spent over half our vacation waiting for an elevator to our room. The staff was fully aware of the issue and no one offered customers a discount or anything. A few of the staff were sympathetic to the problem so they didn't mind us and other customers using the service elevator. But others were extremely rude about it. The after 6pm security at the elevators were so rude about it. We complained to every single staff member we came into contact with. We took the option of applying for early check in, which we never received. You could say well it isn't guaranteed, which is true; however, come to find out from staff that the week was entirely fully booked so there was no way we would have gotten early check in - then why",1
1498, May 2019,Disappointed,"I was over charged for the room. When you arrive and check in, demand that they give you your receipt. Make sure you are paying the rate offered when you do your booking online. If you can book with Expedia or any other travel online service, they are honest.",2
1499, May 2019,Horrible Experience at Row NYC Hotel,"This was a horrible experience due to a middle of the night evacuation followed by an 8a false alarm. Management acted like the guests were an imposition when requesting information/updates, and wanting to return to their rooms. No consideration (credit, financial, future discount, etc.) for this horrible experience, not even an apology (not even an acknowledgement by the staff at the time of checkout). I understand that fires happen, but this could not have been handled more poorly. The staff do not understand the concept of customer service.",1
1500, May 2019,My NYC Trip,"So this was our 1st time at Row and cannot be any happier. Location at 8th Ave is the best and the most convenient. Front desk staffs especially the staff who greeted us was top notch. The elevator lady helps guests with pushing floor numbers. Upon entering the room, the city view was breath taking. Row gave away 2 travel water pouches. For a city hotel, Row is as great as one can get. The room was neat, not as spacious as other non- city hotels of course but still comfortable and very clean. The price was fairly reasonable. You won’t be disappointed staying here.",5
1501, May 2019,A room which would garner criticism from Amnesty International,"This hotel, described as 4 star presented me with a room with less than 11 inches of space between a double bed and the wall. The desk was barely large enough to accommodate my computer and the only seating was a hassock with no back support. The elevator service was totally inadequate with waits of 10 minutes not unusual. Virtually all individuals checking out before me had problems with their bills. The closet could not accommodate a men's 38 Short raincoat without wrinkling the hem because it was not tall enough. Hallways were dark and attempts at decoration with shrink wrapped walls looked not like art but rather disorderly street scenes.",1
1502, May 2019,My perfect place in Manhattan,"There is a place in New York where I feel like I were home. This is Row Hotel. I really appreciate the location, it is close to everything. Wherever you have to go you’ll find your train a step away. I want to say thank you to Parizida who was so welcoming with me during the check-in. We had a nice small chat about Italian wines. A special thanks to Maurizio and Thomas for being such a great managers. —-/- Sono estremamente soddisfatta del mio soggiorno in questo hotel. Tornare al Row è un po’ come tornare a casa. La posizione è formidabile. Consiglio questo albergo anche per lunghi soggiorni di lavoro. Grazie a tutto lo staff, in particolare a Parizada e ai due direttori che rendono speciale questo posto: Maurizio e Thomas. Grazie",5
1503, May 2019,Holiday in NYC,"This hotel is very big. The lobby is huge, yet inviting. People at Reception are very friendly, efficient and helpful, especially Junior who checked me in and was charming and welcoming, The room was lovely and being on a high floor, had a great view. District M, the bar in the lobby, served a nice breakfast in the morning, and all the staff here were very pleasant, both in the a.m. and in the evenings for cocktails. Love the atmosphere. The only negative was on several occasions, the elevators were slow and waiting was up to 10 minutes. Thanks to Junior, Marcelo and Yara at the front desk and Juan P., Kelly and Jarred at District M. I hope to come back again soon to the ROW NYC!",4
1504, May 2019,Not 4 star at best 2 star,"The hotel is worn and old, I accept that there are older hotels but they need to upkeep and maintain, especially if they are a high traffic hotel. The Row NYC was poorly maintained and dirty, the hallways were dirty the rooms were not properly cleaned, our room had dust every where on furniture in bathroom and it was not hidden dust it was clearly visible. I reported this to hotel in first 24 hours when the sent me email requesting feedback. I stayed for 7 days the housekeeper vacuumed the room once, the sheets had holes. I am not sure who rates the hotel but they are not randomly checking rooms. The windows did not seal which gave us a lovely whistling when the wind picked up! The only 4 star part of hotel was lobby. If I was paying half the price and the hotel was listed as",1
1505, May 2019,Slow elevators and small beds,"I have rarely experienced greater frustration with a hotel. From the moment I arrived, the staff was inefficient and rude. The greatest source of frustration was the frustration going to or from the room in the elevator. It was sometimes over 20 minutes to try to get up or down. Between the ineffective system and crowds - they only had two working - for a 27 floor building. On day two at the hotel, after getting to my room after dinner - neither room key worked. Going through the extended time to get back - again, the staff was rude, with no apology. The internet was so bad, it ripped you every few minutes. The hotel is expensive and downright horrible.",1
1506, May 2019,Decent place with epic views,I was given a wheelchair accessible room which was quiet and very spacious. Room was clean every evening when I was back from work and the views were jaw dropping from the 27th floor. Powerful and not so noisy air-conditioner coupled with motorized blinds was a surprise. The door locking mechanism was not very user-friendly but it worked okay with some care. A care package with goodies like water bottle and mug were given which was nice. I was also given a breakfast voucher that included a small pastry and a coffee. The manager was nice as well. Self checkout using the iPad did not work. Very pleased overall and will return.,5
1507, May 2019,OK for NYC,"Friendly staff and great location, but the hotel itself left a lot to be desired. The room is tiny, like all NYC hotels, so that didn't bother me, but if you aren't used to that or aware of it, try not to be surprised. The internet went in and out by the minute, literally. I could not get any work done, and I was on a business trip. Then no one answered the front desk when I tried to call 4 times to find out what was going on. I would have gone downstairs, but it was taking me about 10 minutes just to get to the lobby from the 28th floor because the elevators were so slow. The hot water took about 20 minutes to actually get hot. But they have fabric shower curtains, and you can't reposition the shower head, so I caused a huge flood in the bathroom. Not a big deal, just",3
1508, May 2019,Fair value - Would stay again,"Great midtown location - theaters, Times Square & Hell's Kitchen nearby. Subway (A C E) on corner. Penn Station (MSG above!) 1 stop. Fair value, clean property w/smaller rooms (It's NYC, get out of your room!). Multiple onsite food options makes breakfast pkg optional. Dining onsite and nearby excellent - short walk to Times Square!",4
1509, May 2019,Great location - ok hotel,"So the location of this hotel cannot be beaten in my opinion. You’re right by time square , Central Park is 10min walk to your right and and Empire State are 10min walk to the left . The hotel lobby is very nice and you think wow this is a nice hotel ! But then you get to your room. Very very small and dingy. The decor tries to be modern and minimalistic I think ? But it’s just cold and not welcoming at all. We got upgraded to premium city view which made it bearable. There is no complimentary coffee which I’ve had in every hotel I’ve ever stayed in New York either , something that small makes a big difference. Like I said location wise and for a couple of nights then yes it’ll do you . Would I stay here again ? No I wouldn’t",3
1510, May 2019,Cool vibe & great value,"Great location, cool vibe, comfortable rooms -and bed!- and friendly staff. Subway station right next corner. Many restaurant options nearby and pretty close to the new hot neighborhood, Hudson Yards. Overall great value for our 4-day stay.",4
1511, May 2019,Amazing Location.,"Theatre, restaurants, Times Square, subway, and taxis are right there! Clean and good room. Bed is a little soft and room a little tight. But good value for money. Did not try the breakfast nor use any other facilities.",5
1512, May 2019,Wouldn’t choose it again,"Rooms are too small, Poor noise isolation between rooms, long waiting line for elevators, poor breakfast, one day My room wasn’t cleaned up. Fire alarm was on at highest floor in the middle of the night and announces were made through in-bedroom loudspeakers just to say “do Nothing”.... what was the point ay 2am? Twice?",2
1513, May 2019,A hard no.,"I travel to Manhattan (Midtown) often for work, and have been trying several hotels in the area to find one I like. This place is at the bottom of the list! Although the photos look pretty good online, don't be fooled - the rooms are small, dingy, and the finishes are really cheap (the closet ""door"" is a shiny polyester curtain that reminds me of one's first student apartment). The lobby is nicely designed, but is very busy and feels a bit like a nightclub with loud music and lots of neon lights. My colleague's room didn't have a shower curtain. Another colleague's AC didn't work. Another was given the wrong room # / key and walked in on a women drying her laundry on the air conditioner. Additionally, the tiny elevators often required a 10 min wait (sometimes, we took the stairs",2
1514, May 2019,Getaway to NYC,"The location of this hotel is simply perfect!We stayed there for four nights and it was pretty great. The rooms are small but that’s common in NYC. I highly recommend it. There were a couple of situations that were not that good, on Thursday night the fire alarm went on twice. The first time we weren’t there. The second time it went on we left the room as quickly as we could. I asked a housekeeping lady where the emergency stairs were and she told she could not give thar information, which kind of shocked me since she works at the hotel. We found the stairs, went down, waited for a couple of hours and finally got back to our room. The other thing, on Saturday the elevators were not working that well. There was only 1 and it took us a while to get it. Apart from those two",4
1515, May 2019,Comfortable,"Very clean and comfortable right in mid town. Close to everything. Walk to time square, Empire State Building and much more. Short walk to subway for easy access to all attractions. I would stay here again",4
1516, May 2019,Over charged,"I stayed May 12 paid on Priceline in full gave front desk my credit card which they over charged by over $1,500 I have called no response no call back ! Horrible service and criminals over charging I will never stay here again and no one should",1
1517, May 2019,Great Hotel,"Great location, clean rooms and good service. Many great restaurants, shops, entertainment facilities in close proximity. Good internet connection. Pleasant and helpful staff. Walking access to some major New York attractions.",4
1518, May 2019,Disappointing first impression!,"I stayed here from the 16th - 20th of May with my sister.. we came over from England to spend time with a friend who is from NYC who also stayed in this hotel. The room was smaller than expected, no tea making facilities or fridge.. the window wouldn't stay open for the small fraction it is able to and my sister and I (who shared a room) had to wedge it open with a chewing gum bottle in order to get some fresh air. Under the bottom sheet, as we stripped the bed before we left, we saw several hairs embedded in the mattress protector. The room was otherwise clean. The bed was extremely comfortable but down pillows are a huge no-no!! The shower worked well- temperature and flow rate were excellent. When we arrived, we unpacked, freshener up and went out for dinner. Upon return, we",3
1519, April 2019,Excellent location!,"This was a great hotel to stay in for walkability in the theatre district! Unfortunately for us, the walls are incredibly thin and we heard EVERYTHING our neighbors were doing and they did it a lot . The bathroom was very small, however our view was great and bed was comfortable.",4
1520, May 2019,Basically a massive hostel,"Wasn't impressed with this hotel at all I'm afraid. Rooms were very basic and not particularly clean. Staff were OK but the place is so busy it never feels ""warm and friendly"". Watch out for the excessive taxes and fees. It's there in the very small print but wasn't expecting another 35% on the bill. Good location though as far as access to the rest of Manhattan is concerned.",2
1521, July 2018,Poor customer service,Check in takes a long time. Rooms are small and not cleaned properly. On one day we had to ask several times for towels & the room to be cleaned. It was finally cleaned at 8pm and only then could we shower.,1
1522, May 2019,Booked handicap room #328,Due to my knees cap operations for both of my legs. The room was clean & well prepared. Great location to the Times Square with verities of serounding. Be prepared this hotel didnt provided room for returning guest luggage storage IF you have tour scheduling for 4days 3nights to Nigeria Falls.,3
1523, May 2019,AVOID AT ALL COSTS,This hotel is crap. They advertise a 'FREE BREAKFAST' which doesn't even qualify as 'CONTINENTAL' breakfast. Elevators are appalling. You need to wait 10 mins each time you want to go up or down. Avoid this piece of garbage hotel.,1
1524, May 2019,Great overall stay with the exception of the bellman rudely telling us to tip him ( we always tip),"Great overall stay with the exception of the bellman rudely letting us know we have to tip. We always tip ,we did not need to be told. The front desk was great. Housekeepers even better. The bar was pleasant and comfortable. Loved our stay for the most part.",4
1525, May 2019,Unfortunate lack of sleep,"Due to various security, fire, and investigation alarms going off I got woken up 3 time through the early hours of the morning. And one of them being 3am to evacuate the building due to a fire. I know not necessarily the hotels fault but it did out a damper on my stay here, being woken up 3 times.",3
1526, May 2019,Only the location is good,"This has got to be the worst hotel I ever stayed in. Other than its location, there's nothing good about this hotel. The elevator system is the WORST I have ever seen in my 44 yrs of being alive. You have 4 elevators but only 1 is servicing the WHOLE hotel! You waited 10 mins for the elevator to arrive and only to see it packed like sardine. And then you have to wait for that elevator to make its way down, stopping at virtually every floor (because they are also guests wanting to get out of the hotel!), and pick up the 20 over guests waiting to go up at the lobby. At this rate that it's going, I will never leave this hotel in its ONE and ONLY ONE working elevator. The room is small, bathroom is small, table is small, elevator is small, everything is small. In summary, THIS IS",1
1527, March 2019,Disappointed,"My business meeting was rescheduled for later in the month and I couldn't get a credit to be applied to my future reservation, so I lost my money. I called them and emailed them and never got an answered. I made my reservation on line and I know it was non refundable but I wasn't asking for my money back y just wanted a Credit to use it in my later stay. I ended up staying at a different hotel. Lost my money",1
1528, May 2019,No fire information,"We had to evacuate our room for two and a half hours in the middle of the night because of a fire. During that time we were give no information or instructions about what was happening in the building. People were definetly upset about way things were handled. No excuses, no apologies!",2
1529, May 2019,Zero stars! Avoid!!!!,"Was awoken 3 separate times after midnight by a loud announcement about fire and emergency, only to be told after 5 minutes it was fine. The elevator system is painfully slow and overloaded. The bathroom door in the room is a joke, doesn’t even close. Take your money anywhere else! Oh, and calling to complain doesn’t work- they won’t pick up the phone.",1
1530, May 2019,"Wonderful location, walking distance to Times Square!","Pick a room on an upper floor. Pay for an upgraded room if you need extra space. Rooms are very tiny. Loved the location. We could walk to Times Square and many theaters. Really enjoyed National Geographic Encounters Experience nearby. Highly recommend Carmine’s, Lily’s Tea Room and Smith’s (across the street) for restaurants.",5
1531, May 2019,NYC stay,"The hotel is in a great location, times squaresand theaters are near, you don't need to use the subway to get there. The rooms are small but clean In other hand, the staff isn't very welcoming, some of them were pretty rude when we arrived.",4
1532, May 2019,Great hotel,Stayed here for my first trip to NYC. It was just a couple of blocks from Times Square. Very convenient. I saw Lion King and the theater was on the same street as the hotel. I felt safe - night security at elevator. Clean rooms. We had Deluxe room with nice view of the city. The bar on site was very nice - bartender friendly and helpful. Near subways. We walked to and from Penn Station to catch the Amtrak.,5
1533, May 2019,"Good location, needs apdating.","Stayed here for 3 nights on the 11th floor but could still here traffic at all hours, wasnt really an issue as i sleep with ear plugs, I recommend to do so if your a light sleeper, plenty of lifts there. Good location for broadway and Times Square/hells kitchen. Staff at reception was nice. Only downside was small outdated rooms with no refrigerator or coffee/tea making options. Great bedding, would stay again if priced right at time of next booking.",3
1534, May 2019,Dirty cramped hotel,"Dirty cramped hotel. I wouldn't pay $45/ night for a hotel as gross as this. Needless to say all of our clothes are going right in the washer when we get home, and all of us are showering. The charged us for ""facility fees"" on top of our room cost?? I said I already paid the ""facility fees"" when I rented the hotel. Apparently not.",1
1535, May 2019,Vacation at Row NYC,"Great place to stay! I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends. The staff made everything easy. The location is convenient to the Theatre District, 5th Avenue, great restaurants, and a good healthy walk to Central Park.",5
1536, May 2019,great spot,"Excellent location, excellent service. Room was small but what we expected for mid-town. The only issue, which wasn't a deal breaker: the windows were really dirty on the outside - even though the view was decent, you had to peer through dirt to see it. The room itself was clean.",5
1537, May 2019,Hipster hotel in Times Square has strange ideas about accessibility,"I chose this hotel for its location - walking distance to Broadway theaters. I had enjoyed an evening in the quiet bar on a previous trip. Now this is a loud, busy, filled with hipsters and flight attendants hotel. If that's your thing, you'll like it. Beds are thick mushy mattresses on a platform and pillows are lumpy (like MyPillow). Beware $40 daily resort fee, largely for the gym, and not refunded if you don't use the gym. Oud you need an accessible room, check it before you accept it. I requested an accessible shower because the pictures online showed tub-shower. So my shower is more accessible than that but still has a 4-inch sill, so not suitable if you need to roll in. Otherwise not too bad on accessibility. Front desk varies greatly; one could not have been less",3
1538, May 2019,Great hotel,The Row NYC is in a great central location. The room was plenty big enough for what we needed it for..A good night's sleep! The beds and pillows were so comfortable. They provide you with a water bottle and there is a water and ice machine on every floor which was a life saver for us.,5
1539, May 2019,Very bad WiFi,"Location perfect near Broadway and Times Square. Good concept for breakfast, lunch and diner in City Kitchen in hotel on the first floor. Rooms small and not very clean, good beds. There’s WiFi but the working is very bad.",3
1540, May 2019,Not good,Arrived to my room after midnight to find used wet wipes on the night stand. I pull back the sheets to get in bed and there is popcorn in the sheets and on the floor. Absolutely disgusting and unacceptable.,1
1541, May 2019,Great hotel,Hotel had everything you would want in a hotel. Close to all attractions around time square and the staff was very helpful on my stay. This is a hotel I would not need a 2nd thought to book again when I go back to New York,4
1542, May 2019,"Average room, good location.",The hotel has a very nice appearance from the lobby. It also has a nice place to check your bags if you arrive early or stay after checkout. Rooms were small but adequate. Our room had a very poor paint job and furnishings looked cheap however bed was very comfortable. Good location for shows.,3
1543, May 2019,I wanted to love it but not for this price,"Not my usual place to stay. Booked it online via app hotelstonight. Hotel lobby and gathering areas very hip and fun and trendy. Convenient location. Desk staff are super nice. Concierge was just so so when I request some info on finding change for a large bill. Room was normal nyc size. Bathrooms small but water pressure was good. The beds were very clean looking, the sheets perfect, very comfortable but the cleanliness detail was lacking in most other areas of room. The furniture visually in rough condition. Fingerprints on doors., dust in bathroom. The complimentary water cups had orange spatter inside. The general upkeep of room was it good. Feel bad saying this cause they did a complimentary upgraded but for the price I paid, definitely not worth it. I also found that",3
1544, May 2019,Weekend in NY,Stayed at the Row because the location is great for the theatre district and Times Square. If you don’t really know NY vey well this is a great place to stay. Also City Kitchen is great and you get 10% off there and Bloomingdales with your room key.,4
1545, April 2019,Great Location BUT it ends there,"Location is great But our room was awful Mould in the sink. around the bath. Room very small, we had booked for 4 staying never enough towels or face cloths etc Even no toilet roll on two occasions of our 7 day stay. damage to walls. Not enough wardrobe area we had to live out of suitcases. No kettle or Iron etc. we had asked if a refrigerator was in the room and was assured every room had one; Not ours we rung reception to be told they are not supplied after explaining we needed one for our sons insulin eventually one was supplied. The lifts could be very slow at busy times and we along with others were complaining at having to wait up to 15 mins to get a lift to our floor. Would not recommend this hotel and our next visit to N.Y will not include The Row",2
1546, January 2019,Great base,"Rooms are small but cleaned daily, great base for all attractions. No complaints at all,reception happy to help with all enquiries. Short walk to Times Square and subway links. Tourist busses stop extremely close and plenty of places to eat just outside the entrance.",4
1547, April 2019,Efficient and stylish spot,"I overall really appreciated this spot for my one night need in NYC. It was 15 mins to Amtrak at Penn Station, and they were very accommodating when I needed to check in an hour early in order to shower off my sweat before a Broadway show that started at 3 pm. It's a stylish place, with little rooms and a tiny bathroom, but fine for one or two people. The lobby was a crazy party at night, but surprisingly I didn't hear a bit of it once I got to the room. Super access to Times Sq and all things midtown. Would recommend! :)",4
1548, May 2019,Girls trip,Stayed here with a group of girls from check in to check out even was amazing. Made even smoother with Junior on reception who was there for check in and out. Nothing was too much trouble.we will definitely be back. Thank you again Junior,5
1549, May 2019,Girly trip,"Stayed at Row Hotel, room clean and towels fresh every day, breakfast was continental and tasty, our receptionist Junior was so helpful and went above and beyond to make our stay memorable definitely be back, thanks Junior",5
1550, May 2019,Lovely stay,In heart of it all easy to find all places to go and see bus for uptown and downtown is close by lots or Fastfood places but hard to a good restaurant Smith’s across the road is good for breakfast and dinner and evening pints area is pricey but you kinda know what you’re getting in to,4
1551, April 2019,Great Location,We stayed overnight going on a cruise the next day. Being near Times Square and the cruise pier made the trip hassle free. Enjoyed the room and the staff was very attentive. This was booked through an airline site (Delta) with very reasonable price.,4
1552, May 2019,Great location NY,Great value for staying near times square. Is a bit small but is exactly what you need. Keep in mind that additional taxes have to be paid on site which are not included in the room fare. Its location is excelent.,5
1553, May 2019,Stay at the Row,"Stay was just ok. As mentioned the room was incredibly small.....much like a cruise ship.....you have to walk sideways to get past the end of the bed. There isnt even a coffee maker. It was ok for clean but very dated and any of the work done to the room was half assed.....crappy trim work, clunky and runny paint job. However, it is an old building.",3
1554, May 2019,Awful,"Terribly rude and incompetent and careless reservations department staff. Disgusting. Will never stay here and will tell anyone I know traveling to NYC to avoid this hotel. Also, reviews online seem to describe the rooms as being dirty and shabby? Something to look into?",1
1555, May 2019,Only if you like the feeling of being in the middle of a train station crowd all day long,"Location is good if you like mid-town west, ideal for theatres. The building and facilities in general are nice, but our overall experience was really bad. 1) Our room which was supposed to be a good (""deluxe"") one and even better after an upgrade ended up being too small (in the bathroom you can barely stand, plus almost no closet). 2) The lobby is nice, only that it is always crowded, including people somethimes eating in a staircase between the bar and a food court, very strange feeling. Breakfast is not bad but too expensive for what it really is (just one pastry, one fruit, one hot and one cold beverage) and -last but not least- 3) I received three envelopes (not boxes, envelopes), I had to go up and down several times to get them and at the time of checkout I was",2
1556, May 2019,Good value for cost,-Easy check in /out -I liked that they checked room cards at the elevator - nice bar/lobby area -great location -many shops/restaurants right outside the hotel -short walk to Times Square and to broadway shows - Central Park about 3.5 km -the oasis if huddle & bustle is not your thing.,4
1557, April 2019,Location is the winner here,"A reasonable price for an excellent location. The rooms are clean and basic but provide what you need for a trip to Manhattan, comfortable bed, hot shower and relatively quiet bedrooms. Staff were not overly friendly which was disappointing.",3
1558, May 2019,Overrated hotel`,"This hotel is overpriced. The room had pistachio shells in it when we checked in and the elevators take forever to come to higher floors. Pay attention tp the price. Although we paid in the 100s for the first night, the room was charged in the 300s for the other two nights. Definitely not a $300+ hotel!",1
1559, May 2019,"Great location, great concierge(Douglas) Great deal!",We got our room here through Air BnB. 2 blocks from Times Square and easy walking distance from ship passenger terminal. All the Broadway shows just a few steps away. And a reasonable parking garage around the corner!!! Douglas could not have been more helpful! You will love this place. Can’t beat it for the money!,5
1560, May 2019,Superb location for this so-so hotel,"Visited the hotel for some business meeting in nyc, and the experience was ok-minus. Room is small, but has all needed. Wi-Fi is weak, window cannot be sealed (and morning noise is there, if you sleep lightly, it will get to you, even on the 15th floor). Saving packages service has a ridiculously high fee, and besides, the hotel doesn’t inform u there are parcels that wait for your pickup. Excellent base for daily walking trips in the city or outside, right near the 42nd-PA station.",3
1561, May 2019,Small room,The room was smaller than expected and even though I booked a room with a view all I got to see from the window was the back of another building.... The cleaning team didn't show up to clean the room and the next day no fresh towels were provided.,2
1562, May 2019,Not worth the money,Gross building with poor customer service. Paid so much for this hotel and got a tiny disgusting room. Floor elevator areas are very dark and uninviting. Rather spend the money else where. Way too overpriced.,1
1563, May 2019,Hidden resort fee and extra taxes.,Booked through AirBnB. Charged resort fee and taxes on arrival. This is not discussed in the agreement and specifically forbidden in the confirmation email. Hotel notified 3 days ago through AirBnB... SIlence.,1
1564, May 2019,Great experience,"Excellent location for show enthusiasts, in the middle of countless theaters. Also a fantastic spot for central Manhattan. Has a sub stop directly across the street to the A,C,E trains for super easy access to uptown, downtown, and Brooklyn. I’m a bit of a food snob, but the food court in the lobby is really pretty decent, with a Luke’s lobster, homemade pastries, street tacos, etc. What truly made our experience memorable was the help provided by a super sweet young lady, Yanelly, and the front desk manager, Ceser. During check in I asked for a room as high as possible. Ceser overheard my request, checked the system, personally ran up to check that the system was wrong and ensure that the room he wanted for us was indeed ready. We received a free upgrade on a huge room, for",5
1565, May 2019,"Great Hotel, really nice rooms, with great a virw",We only stayed here one night last minute because we made a mistake in planning our holiday but we got a really good price for a big spacious room with a nice view and a bathroom with a bath. Just overall really good experience with The Row NYC,5
1566, May 2019,Nice,"Good location, surprisingly quiet, nice variety of good quality food onsite, clean. I wanted a hotel w/ breakfast & parking. By breakfast they have options in food court & by parking they direct you to a lot that they refer to, not one that is attached to or part or the hotel. If you use the parking make sure you get your ticket validated by the hotel for a discount . Helpful knowledgeable staff & a good deal",4
1567, May 2019,THE W O R S T,The desk person treated me as if I was being interrogated for a crime. I was offered upgrades on line(for a fee) but when I inquired about this ( twice) I got blank stares and no response. The lobby is extremely dark and the elevator call system is a joke. The room was minuscule and shabby. Stains on the sheets and questionable dirt drips on the bedside lamp . But worst was the constant door slamming and noise from the adjoining rooms. It was impossible to sleep. Calls to the front desk were meet with voicemail. Apart from the desk crew I never saw a hotel employee except security guards in the lobby. I was put up there for two nights but checked out after one because I couldn’t bear another night in this place.,1
1568, April 2019,Great place to stay,"Friendly staff, good location near transport and Times Square, comfortable room. We enjoyed a one night stay waiting for our cruise. We had a great time touring Manhattan, using the subway system to go downtown, Rockefeller Center, and taking in the scene at Times Square",5
1569, May 2019,Hipsters,"A lot of hip European guests - a plus. If you want to be amongst Times Square area's frenetic pace, and don't mind a lobby that has music at a high decibel (think nightclub volume), then this is the place for you",4
1570, May 2019,Better than expected,"I was pleasantly surprised! Yes, you are paying for a hotel in the middle of times square so it costs money. Compared to others in the area its not even bad.. Also, the staff is the best. Checked in 3 hours early to try to make it to a concert I planned months in advance. The gentleman who checked me in made great small convo while trying to see if a room was open, which it probably wasn't, so instead he gave me a free room upgrade to one that was ready. I didnt even need to give a sob story hahaha. He literally just saw that I planned it waaaay ahead of time and asked me about my trip and just ended up doing it. The cleanliness of the room was great! They gave plenty of towels and toiletries. A.c. worked great. Sheets were clean. I'm always afraid to airbnb so if I make the",5
1571, May 2019,Convenient and quiet,Always stay at The Row when I’m in NYC for theatre. Can walk to all of Broadway. So convenient. Lovely staff and excellent breakfast (be sure to get the breakfast package). Ask for a room at the back.,4
1572, May 2019,"Modern, chic hotel in the middle of midtown!","I was very surprised to see how modern the hotel was, it had a vegas vibe and the staff were all very helpful. There were all sorts of cute amenities like a collapsible water bottle to take and the view was great.",4
1573, May 2019,Review of fab hotel,"This hotel was such a pleasure to stay in, amazing staff especially Junior who checked us in, he couldn’t do enough for us even changed our room and gave us a big room with a fab view, ask for room 2108. Savage room I didn’t want to leave, the bar is amazing and clean rooms Honestly can’t say anything wrong about this hotel And thank you Junior it was a pleasure and we will 100% be back! 🥰",5
1574, May 2019,Perfect,"The hotel was perfect, the staff were so friendly and helpful, room was spacious topped with an amazing view and in a Perfect location right next to Times Square and easy to walk to Central Park. Our room got upgraded aswell (thanks to Junior at the front desk) which was an extra bonus to an amazing vacation! Thank you again, we will definitely be coming back!!",5
1575, May 2019,"Terrible staff, terrible price.",The staff really slow and upsetting. 1 hour line to check in Room was dirty and very noisy Small for the price you get Breakfast is terrible Location is the only good thing the hotel has. The guy in the front desk was a complete disaster.,1
1576, June 2018,Great overall package,"I travel to NYC on work a lot. A friend recommended me this hotel and have been staying there every time i visit NYC. Perfect location, great bar/lounge, excellent staff all around. Rooms are a bit cramped but the overall experience trumps that. Pizza's are great too and the food court has some mouth watering cuisine!",5
1577, May 2019,Poor customer service,The front desk is not friendly and accomodating we added an extra day and they did not clean our room. They said we have free breakfast but then we were charged for breakfast. We called and ask front desk about it and they seemed not to care and transferred the call to the restaurant.,1
1578, May 2019,"I used your system: Skip the line! CHECK IN for your reservation at Row NYC! When I arrived, I asked where I could get","I used your system: Skip the line! CHECK IN for your reservation at Row NYC! When I arrived, I asked where I could get the key, I was told at the check-in counter. I went there directly and was received by a guy with 2 stars on his jacket who shouted at me to tell me to queue like the others. Finally, I got my key at the same time as my friends. We were thirsty and wanted to have a beer but the bar is closed. We went back to the bar at night to have a chat. Because of the noise we moved into the small room behind the bar. “Sorry we do not serve in this room”. We went to the Intercontinental where we were well received. During the night the A / C of my room started to make an incredible noise, Bing, bang ... I tried everything without success, luckily, I had ear plugs. Jean",1
1579, April 2019,Our stay in this hotel,"Good location: Broadway, restaurants and Times Square are very nearby. Our room was small but neat and clean. Beds are comfortable. However it was very noisy and from our bathroom there was always a very bad smell. Wi-Fi wasn't working well and yet we have to pay facilities fee which I find it very high. Not a stay for the second time.",3
1580, April 2019,Great location,Our agent recommended a number of hotels to stay and then one of our party got a personal recommendation for the ROW. It was cheaper than other options but absolutely fine. I was worried when I found our room was directly opposite the lifts but had no problems with noise levels. Downstairs there is a bar but adjacent is a franchised eating area with plenty of choice. We used this for breakfast every morning as the range was good everyone could have what they wanted. Staff were very helpful and when my wifes face cloth was mistakenly taken the front desk more than made up for its loss without question. The best part about the ROW is its proximity to Times Square all the theatres and central park. If you want to go further afield it is also close to the tube network.,4
1581, May 2019,"Not a 4 star hotel , maybe 0,5 ( and this only because of the good location )","Really bad experience ! First we paid a lot of money which is not really worth . Please book another hotel if you have this option ! The rooms are very small ( we booked a superior room got an upgrade to “deluxe “ . Deluxe Room included: Dirty smelled terrible carpet Defect AC ( repaired after complaining) Defect phones ( repaired after complaining ) Molded room -bath and “bedroom “- ( no reaction on it - I have an allergy so habe now some health problems ) Windows without any noice reduction , you can hear everything., even if somebody talking on the street.. No slippers No drinking ( complementary) Water ( even there was no bottles ) No minibar Bad dirty bed A lot of hotel charges fee ( which not can understand really ) So please avoid this hotel if you want a 4 star",1
1582, April 2019,Our Stay in Row NYC,"It was amazing, the location was just perfect! The rooms were comfortable and in general we had a great experience. We stayed for a week for our study trip to New York with a group of 18 students. The location for us was the best thing because it was so close to Times Square, the hotel is located in the Theatre District and close to the Metro station.",5
1583, April 2019,Not the best deal when you see what you get,"Let's be honest, the location of this hotel is just perfect. That could be my complete review if I was going to tell you only the positive part of the Row NYC Hotel. If you are Okey, waiting to ages for an elevator and having sometimes almost literally to get into a fight to get in the elevator (Same story in the morning when you want to get down to the lobby of the hotel). We got an ""upgraded"" room on the 21st floor, and believe me if you are waiting a few extra kilos/pounds I think you will have problem turning around in the bathroom if you close the door. No minibar in the rooms. So don't even think in bringing any food or anything that would need cooling into you room. I think my overall experience as a guest in this hotel was just not good. No incidents, just a hotel I was",3
1584, April 2019,Bad experiences,"Room was dirty and not worth the money. Also, the premium view sucked and was not premium at all. The bathroom had hair from previous guest on the wall upon arrival. Thr blinds were stained as if they had not been cleaned, ever. The pictures online look way better than the actual room in person.",2
1585, March 2019,Okay,"This was just a standard small New York City room. It was nothing special, just adequate. The next time I am in New York City I will definitely search for a different hotel to stay at. The elevators could definitely use some work",4
1586, April 2019,Times Square Just Outside the Door,"This is the 5th or 6th time staying here. I was in town for work and was conveniently located near where my meetings were held. Also right next to times square and many other NYC attractions. Nothing fancy, but everything you need, and the best location you could think of",5
1587, April 2019,I can't believe I spent to much money for this room!,"From the slow service at the desk, to the bouncer at the elevators, our stay was a sore disappointment. Since it was during Spring break, the hotel was full and the antiquated elevators couldn't keep up. It's a wonky system where you have to enter your floor and then it tells you what elevator to wait for (which was always full). The hallways are dark, airless and smelled like a diner. The room was a let down and because of the general run-down feeling of the room, I chose not to shower since we were only spending one night (so we could see Harry Potter). There was a curtain on a suspension rod instead of a door for the closet, the remote didnt' work nor did the phone charger.",2
1588, May 2019,Would be great with a little more lighting and sprucing up.,"I’m 60 and would not stay here alone but it was a great place for me with my son and his girlfriend. With some sprucing up and more lighting, it would be much better. An overall updating would be fantastic. I’d love for it to look as great as the pics portray!",4
1589, April 2019,"Good location, BUT","When we arrived we had been in transit for over 30hrs and we obviously looked wrecked. The queue for check in seemed to take forever even though there was only 3 other couples in front of us, when we finally got served the clerk convinced us we would not be able to get any sleep in the room we booked as it was near the elevators and would be very noisy. So he suggested we upgrade for 30usd more a night. The room we got was on the 22nd floor, it was tiny(yes I am aware it's NY) and looked nothing like the pictures on the website. It wasn't what we would call clean, there was stains on the bed sheets, there was gaps in the sealant around the bathtub. To get hot water you had to run the tap for what seemed like an eternity. And what is with the doors to the rooms, the springs are",2
1590, April 2019,My Home for 23 days in the Heart of NYC,Location of the hotel is the best. The hotel is across Shake Shack. It is two blocks from the Ports Authority which is the bus station in NYC. It has plenty of Restaurants to choose from. It is an avenue away from the 9th Avenue which is the Hells's Kitchen are located. Value for Money,5
1591, April 2019,Close to everything,Standard Queen rooms are a good size.I stayed in a room at the back of the building so there was very little natural light. Wasn't a fan of the barn style door for the bathroom. Close to port authority and Times Square. Subway 2 blocks away so it's a super location,4
1592, April 2019,Mike's stay,"Went to NYC for two plays, sightseeing and dining experiences. Didn't spend hardly anytime in rooms. The room was small, queen sized bed and bathroom. Very clean and limited view. Easy check-in and easier check-out. We were offered an upgrade but chose not to accept it.",4
1593, April 2019,Not worth the money.,The row was a good location. The rooms were crazy small. The staff wasn't very friendly. The water taps hardly worked or would take 5 minutes to stop spitting. Definitely wouldn't stay there again. Not worth the money.,2
1594, April 2019,Great Location but...,Great location but elevators are to slow not a very good system. When we got to our room after a long wait to check in our room was to hot and we couldn't turn the heater off. They moved us to another room Which was fine.. I know it New York and rooms are small but for 4 people the rooms were tiny.. beds super comfy. In the end it's only a room to sleep. You need to look at the elevator system just not working...,3
1595, April 2019,Terrible,This is a terrible hotel to stay in there attitude towards customers is disgraceful we had a problem with my wife’s bank account while over there the hotel said we owed them €44 even though we had one night left in the hotel the manager threatened to o throw us out of the hotel we had to call home to get a card so we could get back into our room,1
1596, November 2018,Good Location but dirty and noisy,"My husband and I stayed here in November 2018. We checked into our room after been on the go for about 16 hours. You could not swing a cat in it to the point that we could not put our suitcases on the floor but that was not our 1st problem. It backed onto the lifts and our window was above the air-conditioning unit. After expressing how unhappy we were the hotel reluctantly moved us to another room. Not much bigger but at least it was not as noisy. Location is why people stay here, definitely not for luxury or cleanliness. Oh and the lifts were SLOW AND ALWAYS PACKED!!! The bed was comfy but I cannot any anything else positive about this hotel.",2
1597, April 2019,Well positioned but too noisy,"Rooms were too noisy, quality and size of the room to pour, and amenities absent. Huge traffic in the hotel but needs to be redone completely. Nice service desk Breakfast is in between, you queue to get a danish, not very",2
1598, April 2019,Great location,great location and price for NYC. Walking distance is good for surrounding areas. Close to places to eat for good prices and food. Room was a little small but you are there to sight see and do things. Close to theaters and shopping,4
1599, April 2019,Great customer service and location,"We stayed 4 nights at Row NYC. Junior checked us in and he was great, very professional and friendly. He upgraded our room at no additional charge and was very informative. The rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of Times Square. The bar and City Kitchen restaurant on premises were very good and the bar staff was very friendly. I would recommend staying here.",5
1600, April 2019,Funky hotel with a good vibe but small rooms,"Book a higher rate room - it’s worth it because the lower rate rooms are extremely small, even for New York. The hotel has a funky look and a good vibe. It’s especially enjoyable if you’re young or young-at-heart and a creative type.",4
1601, April 2019,Great location,"Hotel is located minutes from time square. There are shops and restaurants on your doorstep and everything is walkable or a short subway ride away. We stayed 4 nights and found that that the rooms are comfortable and clean. The view from the room was great. It does get a little noisy outside at night, but nothing major",5
1602, April 2019,Hotel of lower quality,I travel a lot internationally. This hotel is one of the lower ends of the quality. The hotel needs major renovations. Beds are not of good quality. We could hear people talking loud in the next room. The worst part is that the hotel adds 22 percent of tax PLUS $34 facilities fee for each night stay. The hotel manager explained to me that the facilities fee that includes Wi-Fi and gym use is mandatory fee for every guest even though you don’t use it at all. The staffs were not very courteous. I would absolutely not pay expensive rate to stay at this hotel.,1
1603, April 2019,New York Gem,"Our stay at ROW NYC was great! The location, style and facilities were of a good New York calibre. A true New York Gem at a reasonable price, would definitely recommend and would also stay here again.!",4
1604, April 2019,Dirty and overpriced,The room was dirty. The comforter had stains on it. And the sheets were thin and scratchy. The floor also looked like it hadn’t been swept. The room was way over priced for the two night I stayed. I will not be staying there again.,1
1605, April 2019,First Time to NY - Row was great!,"This was our first time to the Big Apple and we loved it! The Row hotel was a great spot to stay. It was an excellent location, room was clean with comfy beds and the attached “City Kitchen” food options were fabulous and so convenient. The only reason I didn’t give it a 5/5 was due to the small room size. We hear this is typical for NY but it would have been nicer to have more space. Overall, it has everything you need (hairdryer, safe). We would definitely recommend. Thanks Row!",4
1606, April 2019,The Best Choice,"We spend 9 nights at The Row NYC, and everything was very very good, Junior received us for the check in, he was very kind and funny, so, extra point for him +++, the bedroom was clean and with a correct size (for new york), we were upgraded after our first night, the second bedroom was spacious and with an amazing view of 8th ave, everything is near from this hotel, subways, every kind of restaurants (extra point for that too), only a few steps from Times Square, everything was clean, and all the personal was adorable with us, the check out at 4am was fast and extreamly easy. Without doubts we will come back..",5
1607, April 2019,Only caters for couples,Travelling as 4 female friends we requested twin share and although told at check in we had an upgrade and beds could be separated this was not the case .... when rechecking we were told they do not supply twin beds at all!! Rooms very small and had to remove excess furniture to fit cases into room! Bathroom had old razor head in corner builders rubble and dirt on ledge under mirror!!! The elevator was a disaster and many occasions required over a 20 min wait ..... only good thing I can say is the location was good!!! Great for single person only in standard room.......,3
1608, April 2019,Great location but check-in process was slow,Great location in Times Square. The Check-In experience was very slow. It took almost 30 minutes to get checked in and had to wait in a long line. I believe it was short staffed because the staff was working as fast as they could at the moment. Also the internet did not work well throughout the building. It was very spotty at times.,3
1609, April 2019,Whoever cares about the environment should not step foot in this hotel!,"The few employees we encountered were really nice and the room was clean and therefore is not the reason for my complaint. The reason I am only giving this hotel a 1 star is because our planet is dying and The Row NYC hotel is not helping and is perhaps even making things worse. First of all: we had breakfast every morning at district M, ""having here"", and they do not provide actual cups (strange for a so-called 4 star) and only give you take away cups with plastic lids. they don't even have proper cutlery for you to toast your bread, you have to use PLASTIC cutlery (astonishing in 2019). In the room: - the hotel still gives small plastic bottles for shampoo and soap. Why can't you change to soap and shampoo dispensers? (it would even lower your amenity cost). -Instead of",1
1610, April 2019,Dirty Thong Room,Room had a dirty thong hanging from the bathroom. The room view was not what I paid for either. The internet wasn’t working either so couldn’t print our tickets. Had to get a manager and send to her email. The elevators take way too long with the way they are designed. Lastly the free continental was really not what showed in the pics for what was available.,2
1611, April 2019,Great place for quality & location,"Brilliant location, excellent staff. Rooms very comfortable, including all amenities such as ironing board which is always handy and immaculate and food court attached is superb and good value. I would recommend to anyone looking for a good value, well located hotel.",4
1612, April 2019,Holiday with friends,"Rooms are very small with no facilities to make tea or coffee or to sit and relax. The advertisement is very deceiving. The beds are comfortable. The elevators are a nightmare they take so long, like 20minutes on several occasions. It looks like they have squeezed so many rooms into a building but didn’t of the customers.",2
1613, April 2019,Regular ROW Visitor Compliment,"Overall outstanding for efficiency, security, cleanliness and LOCATION. From Broadway to my Midtown business contacts to Birdland to Shake Shack to Alamo Rental to great restaurants, I will always return.",5
1614, April 2019,Great,"Very nice hotel, near times square, subway, pubs and restaurants all over, near everything. nice rooms, very clean, Good service, Exellent service we got there from Christina Santa at the hotel Reception!",4
1615, March 2019,7 days in New York,"This hotel was overall great. Our room was a standard double but we had loads of space. A bed, wardrobe, desk, bedside cabinets! The room was cleaned daily and very well. We popped back to our room during the day to find the cleaner was in their scrubbing away at the bath. Very encouraging! The bed was very comfortable and made every day. The reception staff on arrival were friendly but do not prepare you for your fees on departure. I feel they should do this for people who don't travel often. We received a bill under our door on our last day and instructions on checking our which was helpful. Staff at night time are quite strict and you have to show your room key on arrival. The only downside to the hotel is the lifts. On what seems like an excellent system quickly made",3
1616, April 2019,Thank you Paola!,"Our stay in ROW NYC HOTEL was made to an excelent by a very nice and kind lady Paola, working in the hotel reception. She kindly and fast solved the issue that we had making our stay in the heart on NYC great and comfortable! Nice hotel, close to many tourist places and restaurants around! The room was clean and the bed was comfortable!",4
1617, April 2019,services are excellent!,"the location is very good, just next to boradway and time square, the room is clean, its deserve this price. the front desk are very nice, especially Robert, he is a very nice guy with good smile always, full of patient, he introduce me what are nearby and where can we go to eat for good food. good choice for stay in NYC",5
1618, April 2019,Paying for the location,"My first time in NYC, so I cannot comment on other hotels, but the size of the rooms at the Row were tiny!!! It was almost impossible to use the toilet as it was jammed between the bath & a wall. To get to the other side of the room, my husband had to move in to a corner so I could walk past - It was like a human Rubix cube. The room was very clean, staff were friendly, and the location was good, that was about all it had going for it. The lifts were very annoying, always full, sometimes having to line up.",3
1619, April 2019,Not that impressed,"We visited for 4 nights. The location was really good. The room was very small but ok if a little shabby. The bed was comfortable. The BIG downside was the shower. The water barely dribbled out and one day we had no water at all. This was followed some hours later by dirty brown water. When we told the reception we were merely told that they knew there was a problem. It is not really acceptable, especially as it was not a cheap hotel",3
1620, April 2019,Fresh hotel in good location,"This hotel one quarter from Times Square had a very good location and view, especially if the room was situated high up. The room was nice and clean and for European standard large enough. TV and wifi worked good.",4
1621, April 2019,Time spent in the City For my Birthday!,"Where do i begin, a Must, a Most definite Stay. Speak about welcoming! The front desk associate Shantelle was the Best Ever in a class of her own, truly is what customer service stands on. Her professionalism, concern and the ability to share all the happens of the ROW nyc (which is much - if you want to stay inside, dancing, live entertainment and more) and around the city was Amazing. I Thank you Shantelle for your welcoming approach, warm smile and your kindness. After visiting NYC for many of years not to mention other states thru out the U.S, I must say ROW nyc. Stands above most. Did I mention I was welcome with a complimentary Gift to my room. Again above the rest! Thanks guys for a decision well made ""ROW nyc"" the place to be. Thanks a Bunch",5
1622, April 2019,Unhappy,"When we arrived our room was so small so we ask for upgrade, we got one but we had to pay. The first two days the bed was not made and I don’t think the washroom was ever cleaned while we were there. Location was good.",3
1623, April 2019,Great vacation,"We spent one week at the Row with our 2 kids. The hotel is very close to Times Square, lots of restaurants, theaters and shops close by. The suite was spacious with 2 rooms and 2 baths on the 15 th floor. Check in was uncomplicated, Gezennia was nice, helpful and gave us some nice extras. Check out was more complicated because it was not possible to stay 1,5 hours longer in the room. The manager we asked did not react. There was a good breakfast possibility on the hotel we often used. A food court for lunch and dinner was also there although the food was only partly good. Prices of the rooms were ok considering the room size and location. Overall, a good hotel. I have been here the third time and would come again.",4
1624, April 2019,Good & welcoming!,"It was my second time, and I really -again- love the experience - trendy, young, easy, good service, nice room - extra well located when you like Times Square! The view was amazing as we were located on the 17th floor - thank you! Breakfast improve compare to last time (5 years ago) - choices & freshness!",5
1625, April 2019,Crowed,"The hotel is extremelly crowed and noisy. Even with Times Square outside, it seems i side the hotel has even more people. The sheets had stains and the room is really small. First and last time there.",2
1626, April 2019,Overpriced. Tiny Rooms,"Overpriced for what you get. Rooms are tiny, barely enough room to open your suitcase without tripping up when climbing into bed let alone two suitcases. Agree when in NY you spend little time in your room, but the price paid does not reflect the room provided. Customer service wasn’t great, but I found NY to have the worst customer service I’ve ever experienced. Surprising seeing as tips are compulsory! Location is right in the heart of Time Square. However if I was going again, I definitely wouldn’t stay in Time Square it’s just packed with tourists and not an authentic any experience. There are much nicer hotels in convenient locations that would be better and probably better value for money.",2
1627, April 2019,Amazing Service and Amazing Stay,"Our hotel associate, Junior, was so so kind and accommodating for me and my student's stay! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC for broadway shows or just a weekend of shopping. Thank you, Junior! You totally rock.",5
1628, April 2019,Awesome service,"This is not my first time at ROW but this top all other visit. My wife and I had the pleasure of dealing with Junior at checking in. After learning its was my wife birthday and not our first time there, he celebrated with us and provided an awesome room with spectacular views!. Truly our best stay in NYC and we owe it to Junior!",5
1629, April 2019,Great!,We surprised my friend for his birthday and everything went smoothly! Place is right next to everything you need food parking and drinks and all around great stay! I would definitely come back again for another stay.,5
1630, April 2019,Excellent location and very clean,"My husband and I visited with our teen son and a couple of friends. Stayed in an accessible room as I needed a mobility scooter due to a recent injury. Room was large, very clean, and service was great. Come from Away show at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre was just around the corner. Smith’s restaurant and the Shake Shack, both reasonably priced great food, were across the street. Times Square, Subway, Big Bus Stop #1 all right nearby.",4
1631, April 2019,Average Hotel,"Row was understaffed so it took me an hour to check in, which was not what I wanted to experience after a 5 hours drive to the city. There were so many people, it was crowded, packed and loud at all times. Bathroom was not cleaned properly, there was hair all over the place. And the bathroom had a weird sliding door that does not seal the bathroom, so if you need privacy, you would have to go down to the lobby. Do yourself a favor and stay a little bit further away from Times Square tourist nonsense.",3
1632, April 2019,"Great location, property a bit dated","Excellent location, near Times Sq, theater, and subway. The gym was good sized but no free weights < 15 lbs. Elevators were terrible. The room was in need of updating (some outlets didn't work), painting, and deep cleaning.",3
1633, April 2019,Good value functional hotel in Ok location,Stayed for a few nights for work and leisure - good'ish location for midtown and central park - v touristy but makes sense given price - rooms are small but functional and all clean and simple which is a plus in NYC,4
1634, April 2019,Stay at the ROW NYC,We enjoyed our stay at the ROW NYC. Junior from the reception and his colleagues do a great job on welcoming guests and making their holiday better. If we had to name something it would be that some rooms could use some fresh paint or better finishing off.,4
1635, April 2019,Just what I was looking for in a Manhattan Hotel,"I don't travel to NYC to stay in a hotel. The Row provided everything I wanted- a bed, a shower, security for my things, and a safe location. It's in the heart of the theater district, near the subway, Times Square, Central Park, shopping, night clubs, and a thousand restaurants. I enjoyed the charm of the place. I'll stay there, again.",5
1636, April 2019,Good experience with room for improvement,"Hotel has a great location. Rooms are mostly clean and neat, but too small. I feel the hallway should be lighter as it’s too dark and uninviting, giving a sense of dirtiness that is only perceptive. I enjoyed the breakfast area, but should consider a more ample offering of fruit and oatmeal. I enjoyed my stay and would recommend this hotel due to its location and the fact that it has a lot to offer. One more thing: the bed is the most comfortable I have ever encountered in a hotel. Another thing I might suggest they look into: the elevator system. It’s prone to bottlenecks and people sometimes get worried as they are in a rush (picture check out time or maybe having to get to the airport) and are at a lost as to what to do. This hotel also offers gym, salon and business center,",4
1637, April 2019,A hotel held together by duct tape and superglue.,Broken AC unit. Broken items throughout room. Stains all over desk chair. Broken alarm clock. Unfriendly desk staff. All the money was spent on making the lobby nice. The attached food court was nice and good. Rooms and service definitely were not.,1
1638, April 2019,An awesome experience,"Even though the hotel was jam packed, the way everything was organised made sure no guest felt discomfort of any kind. The way the staff operated, always made us feel cared for and secure, specifically ""Junior"" the receptionist that checked us in. He not only gave us really useful tips on everything to do in NYC ( places to eat, best museums to go to, best places to get the perfect view of the skyline, etc) , but also was very kind and thoughtfull (the fact that he spoke portuguese was amazing). The location was outstanding as it was located right next to Time Square and some great restaurants. In conclusion, it was an amazing experience and we hope to come back very soon.",5
1639, April 2019,Clean and comfortable,We totally enjoyed this hotel. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Great location. My daughter has stayed here several times and has always had a good experience. Can't wait to go back!,5
1640, April 2019,less than good,"Poor experience in a great city. The hotel is dark, grubby, unwelcoming, out of date, feeling of insecurity. lifts are crowded, rooms are out of date, tv was left hanging off some piece of board barely hanging to the wall, it actually wasn't even powered up on arrival and staff made you feel as though you were a pain when called them up",2
1641, April 2019,Wonderful stay.,"The location is excellent for Broadway shows and the subway is across the street. The rooms are quiet and the mattress is amazingly comfortable. Breakfast could be better, but otherwise good food choices at The Kitchen which can be accessed through the hotel.",5
1642, April 2019,Spring break,"Last minute trip with great hotel rates. Clean room, friendly and helpful staff and great location to many attractions. Loved being able to check luggage in early and with a late bus departure on our checkout day, keeping our luggage into the evening was a blessing. Even had to go pull some coats from our bags and the staff was great to deal with.",5
1643, April 2019,TERRIBLE STAY WITH TERRIBLE STAFF,"When I arrived at the hotel, my room wasn’t ready, this was at about 11am. Initially, I was okay with this because my flight had landed earlier than planned so things being of schedule was to be expected. I went walking with my friends around the city and arrived back at about 4pm and had been told that my room would be ready at that time, it was not. The staff were rude and unhelpful and would just blatantly ignore my friends and I as we tried to sort the issue. We then went out for dinner and saw some tourist attractions and got back at 10.30pm and our rooms weren’t ready STILL. We tried to talk to staff and managers and they would literally walk away from us. The elevators were useless and took so long to arrive at any floor, and at one point three broke down causing the fire",1
1644, April 2019,Great Customer Service,We recently visited the Row NYC for an impromptu weekend that I did not plan very well. The hotel associate Junior was my savior. He was very fantastic! Helped us with our room as well as the town. I would book here again because he left such a positive impression on my husband and I.,4
1645, April 2019,"Thank you, next","Booked a room ""special"" that would include tickets to the intrepid museum and "" 3 complimentary rewards for staying with us"". Was told at check in that they did not have any more museum tickets available, we had to buy them ourselves. The complimentary rewards would be provided by a third party, surprise!. I did receive an email from Wanderful.com with 3 links of prizes to be redeemed in the city. The links were expired, innactive, and inexistent. The hotel impose a facility fee on every guest to include the usage of gym and wi-fi, even for those who does not plan to use the gym. Their wi-fi was nowhere to be found. Yet the worst part was having to interact with the front desk at checkout, rather than answering a few simple questions regarding the discrepancy on the charge on my",1
1646, April 2019,Waste of time & money!,Our stay at ROW NYC was horrible and the outlook for future stays is gloomy. We stayed here on our honeymoon and NYC was something we were so excited for! First my husband ran in to see where we could check our bags while we waited to be able to check in so we could run around the city a bit and take our rental car back and a very snotty lady up front with an accent implied that he was trying to gain information that was none of his business even though he was also a guest with me! She even gave me a very bad attitude when I told her that I have a hearing problem and I need him to be able to speak for me since I couldn’t understand her because of her accent. After giving them my debit card info all of a sudden money went missing from my account and then upon check in we had to,1
1647, April 2019,Extremely happy,We had some issues with a few things but then met a great staff member name Ceaser who was fantastic with us and helped us with everything we needed. Overall it was a perfect location and a great hotel . Def Stay there again .,4
1648, April 2019,Long weekend getaway,Hotel rooms were a little small but we only slept there. Staff was overall very friendly and willing to help. Many security guards constantly checking everything. The breakfast was outstanding!! Great danish and the coffee was amazing. Great way to start the day.,4
1649, April 2019,Bad hotel. Good location.,"Pretty old hotel. Overpriced. Good location. Centrally located near Time square and Bryan park. Shoebox room. Breakfast: 2 pastries, 2 coffee,1 yogurt cost me 28$. It was easy to find metro station and Greyhound bus terminals .",2
1650, April 2019,Review,"The cleanliness of the room, mainly the bathroom was really bad. Hotel to lousy, we can listen everyone in there rooms. First night they put me on a room next to the elevator, couldn’t sleep all night. Staff was very nice. Breakfast really expensive for the options available.",2
1651, April 2019,ROW NYC is a perfect hotel,Wonderful hotel where everyone is always very kind and you have the best location in all Manhattan. The food at the Kitchen is delicious and you can eat there or at the bar. Excellent place to go for holidays or for work.,5
1652, April 2019,Great hotel!,"Room was small, but for a one bedroom it was perfect for me and my guest. Wouldn’t be ideal for a “party room”, but perfect to sleep in and has a desk if you need to do work. Close in proximity to anything you would want to go to. Staff was friendly and fast to act with a small issue we had. Hotel has a candy shop/bakery attached to it. Great price for where it is! It’s a 12 min walk tops to every place we went. Hard Rock Cafe, stardust diner, all the theatres, Japanese book store, Nintendo store, plenty of bars and ramen shops!",5
1653, April 2019,Excellent hotel in a great location,"We chose ROW NYC because my wife has limited mobility and it was very close to the show we were attending and a restaurant where we met with friends. There was a mix-up on our reservation for an ADA-compliant room and Hotel Associate ""Douglas"" when above and beyond the call to make matters right. If we go back to NYC for another visit to see shows we'll make the ROW our first choice for accommodations.",5
1654, April 2019,Functional and cost effective,"If you are on a business trip and not spending any time in the room and dont want to spend a fortune this is perfect - the bar is fine for a drink and a snack and location suits midtown as close to 5th , park and a walk between 20th to 40th cross street",4
1655, April 2019,An excellent hotel for all ages.,"Not a staid or stuffy hotel, excellent music of all kinds in the lobby and restaurants. The food is really good, especially The BOX and Sugar Factory. There is much activity and people in the lobbies but very quiet in the rooms, they run a tight ship and excessive noise in the rooms is not allowed. They have security make sure that non-guests are not allowed near the elevators unless with guests. Rooms are small and comfortable. But it is safe in the area. The people are nice and they are quite attentive The Apple computers and computers are slow though, not good for tickets. Near Broadway and the subway and restaurants and near Times Square and other attractions. But NY tourist food is like Paris tourist food, meh. So eat in the hotel.",5
1656, March 2019,Theatre night in Times Square,Friendly and helpful staff. Hotel was ideally located near Times Square and the theatre district. Self check in at 4 o’clock was a bit of a mob scene (not a big fan of self check in). The rooms felt a little austere. Clean! Had corner room with wonderful views in two directions. Price of room beat other hotel prices in the immediate area. Bar and food on the premises. Live entertainment the night we were there.,5
1657, April 2019,ROW NYC,"The hotel is situated in a perfect spot in manhattan , room is a bit small , but all you need is a place to sleep and shower. Security is great , check in staff very friendly. up to date with technology. online check in and online check out availabe. internet fast.",4
1658, April 2019,Amazing staff and great hotel,"Paola was amazing! Such attentive service and so nice as well. The parking lot was so close to the hotel as well. The hotel room was really nice too, with all the amenities I could have asked for and more.",5
1659, March 2019,"Nice Hotel, Great Location","We stayed here for 5 days and had a great stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location and within walking distance for most attractions. It's around the corner from Times Square, Broadway shows, 5th Ave and a great coffee/brunch spot called Bluestone Lane (We ate there everyday!). The rooms were fairly small but it was very modern and nicely decorated. The room was fairly clean but probably could have been cleaner. One negative about our stay was that although we had already paid for the room in-full but upon check-in, we had to pay another $190 USD fee that wasn't explained to us properly. We would consider staying here again.",4
1660, April 2019,Would recommend,"Overall the hotel was really good, the staff was helpful and quick to help if they're was an issue. The only bad thing would be the elevator who took a while to arrive to the rooms when the lobby was crowded.",4
1661, April 2019,Good option for mid-town,"Slow check-in, noisy heating system, and bathtub not spotless, but if you want to attend a Broadway show the location is hard to beat. There was a certain coziness to the room and the lighting was good.",4
1662, February 2019,Great rooms. Worst service.,"The rooms and the location is really great, but the attendants were really rude with us. In addition the chekin queue was giant everyday. It's sad to say it, but we would not go back to this hotel ever.",2
1663, April 2019,Excellent value priced hotel in the heart of Manhattan,"The Row Hotel is a very attractively priced hotel close to Times Square. Rooms are clean and comfortable, offering basic amenities. Very nice lobby and café, and nice restaurant. Elevators can be crowded, so if you are traveling for business and need to make it to an urgent meeting, take into account long waits in the morning (and full elevators). My room was a ""superior"" room, but was missing a ""Do not disturb"" sign, and housekeeping kept interrupting me while on a business conference call in the morning - not very productive; but otherwise very nice hotel.",4
1664, April 2019,Great location,The location is easy access to all parts of Manhattan. We had a great view from the room and the services available was good. The room was rather small and even though we booked with two double brds it was suitable for two persons.,4
1665, January 2019,Nightmare,"Only one good point and that's the great location. After that, this hotel just got worse and worse each minute we were there. Upon checking in, the receptionist was extremely rude and VERY unwelcoming (after a long flight this was the last thing we needed!). She was not helpful at all and found her to be disrespectful and patronising, acting as though she was better than us. We also thought the fee you need to pay is far too high. As well as the facility fee of $260, we also were expected to pay a $400 deposit. As we didn't have a credit card, we had to pay this in cash, which she was less than impressed about. Finally getting into the room and falling to sleep, we were woken up by another guest walking into our room, saying he had just been assigned this room when checking in.",2
1666, April 2019,Row NYC Hotel,Definitely consider staying at Row NYC Hotel. Great value at an excellent location. Hard to find value in NYC. Many would be surprised by the value option of Row NYC Hotel. I will stay at Row NYC Hotel again.,4
1667, April 2019,Don’t be fooled by the appearance,"On the outside the ROW looks luxurious, modern & most of all clean. THAT IS THE FURTHEST THING FROM THE TRUTH. The tub had hair on the walls...DISGUSTING & on the floor of the tub was filled with stains. DEPLORABLE. The bedroom linens were just as gross. The pillow cases had stains on them & to make matters worse the AC was hard to control. It was extremely cold in the room. It felt like finding the cure for for cancer trying to regulate the temperature. I Will NEVER STAY AT THE ROW EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!",1
1668, April 2019,ROW was fabulous!,"This hotel was a gem to find. It is in the heart of Manhattan, right around the corner from Times Square, without being noisy at all! The City Kitchen within the hotel offers food all day, somewhat pricy but very good if you’re after something to grab and go. The room we had was very small but it was super clean and the bed was comfy (for after long days walking) and the shower was hot and powerful. There are several main Theatres a stones throw away and just outside the hotel is a set of bars, restaurants and food halls, many of which we tried and they were all of good standards. The road to your right is ‘Restaurant Row’ don’t miss out on this, it has many interesting restaurants to choose from. This hotel was very busy but surely this is a good sign? Especially as many many",4
1669, April 2019,"Great staff, great room, great location!","This was our second trip to New York and first time at Row. The staff are amazing, in particular Miss Paola, who was extremely friendly and helpful. Love that they have security to control who can gain access to the floors, and you definitely can’t beat the location. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Our next trip to NYC we will be staying here again for sure!!",5
1670, April 2019,Decent Hotel with unpleasant surprise charge.,"Everything was ok. Room was clean. The gym was very well equipped. The location is very convenient. Excess to various metro lines and plenty of eateries. But the surprise facility fee during check out was not called for. Overall, my bill was 25% higher because facility was not included yet. At this price, there are better option at time square area.",3
1671, April 2019,Claustrophobic room,"did not like the hotel, be aware that when checking in they will charge you $40 / day for wi-fi and gym and it is mandatory, so be advised the room is very tiny Good thing is the hotel has a great location",1
1672, March 2019,Good Enough,"The hotel is trendy in a cool location. Some of the items need to be updated. The rooms are super small but maybe that is an NY thing. The check in line was really long both times we checked in. They have guards that keep non guests from coming up the elevators which makes it seem more safe,",3
1673, April 2019,Great location and friendly staff.,"The Row is situated one street from time square. The staff were all very helpful and friendly from reception to security to bar staff who made cocktails that's weren't on the menu if asked. The room size was decent for NYC, the only thing I would add is a kettle for coffee/tea. Subway station across the road which had access to alot of lines to travel easily around NYC. Only negative thing I would say is not being able to check in early and have been on early morning flight from the UK arrived at midday. We left suitcases at hotel then stayed close by the check in at 4 to freshen up and then go back out. Would recommend hotel to friends and family, was recommended by my brother who stayed in the hotel in December 2017.",4
1674, March 2019,Great hotel,"Clean, the price is right, and location is even better. I only stay at this hotel when I come to NYC. they are getting busier as they deserve the praise, but they will never let you check in early, which is a little frustrating but it also causes there to be long lines around the check in time (4pm) and check out time (12pm). I think if they had more staff around the busy times or started letting people check in early, I could give this hotel 5 stars without hesitation.",4
1675, April 2019,Great location!!! Amazing staff!,"Special thank you to the entire staff for making my trip to ny a memorable one! Thank you Kunal and the housekeeping team! The PM housekeeping manager Honey was spectacular! Director of housekeeping Gina was also a delight, she reached out several times during my stay! Xoxo until we meet again",5
1676, April 2019,Don't go!,"Should be called a youth hostel. Ridiculously small rooms and bathrooms, dark hallways, Mean and unfriendly staff. Ice machines don't work, Elevators didn't work, nasty doorman and not enough knowledgable people working front desk!",1
1677, March 2019,"Location, location, location","A block from TImes Square, next to the subway station, ROW is really at the best location for visiting NYC as a tourist. And easy to access from JFK with the Airtrain and subway, manageable even with heavy luggage. We stayed there with my teenage son for 5 nights in March. The staff is really helpful and friendly, we were warmly welcomed by Cristina. The concierge Anita booked us tickets to the Empire State etc, so that was also easy and no extra charges. There was a feeling of security to have the staff check out our room keys at the elevators. Our room was on the 26th floor, great view, spacious room, a little wear and tear but clean. It was quiet, if it is ever quiet in NYC, but there were thin walls... Really comfy beds, nice sheets and clean towels every day. Our stay",4
1678, April 2019,Terrible,"Zero stars. The customer service is terrible, Had to complain multiple times before items were fixed. No ac, no way to turn off heat, they supply a space heater if it's too cold?, trash literally every where for days, we had trash outside our room for over a day before it was picked up, wifi didn't work, TV and half our outlets didn't work in our room, took us 25mins to extend our stay, calls to front desk and manager were dropped or left to voicemail, they charge you for having a package delivered, we were offered drink tickets to a bar that's never open, we were finally compensated with a bigger room but then charged for that bigger room rate. My partner and I are frequent travelers and I would NOT wish this hotel upon my worse enemy!",1
1679, April 2019,Rooms are small and dirty,"The hotel's slogan is ""More NY than NY"". If you want a New York experience of dirty streets and small accommodations then this hotel is the place for you b/c the rooms are dirty and small. The photos are deceiving. Management could care less about your complaints.",3
1680, May 2018,Row Rocks !,"This place has it all ,been twice now ,excellent both stays, Best price, I surfed every day for weeks close to Theatre District & Times Square I hope this jewel survives and no ownership or upper management screws this place up !",5
1681, April 2019,Lovely staff,"Times square location...very busy area and good spot for plays. Muriel and German were most kind to us. Perfect spot if coming to NYC for plays. Inexpensive for NYC neat, tidy, clean...NO thrills. Comfortable beds, good shower with plenty of hot water.",3
1682, March 2019,the row hotel,the row hotel experiene was a good one. Room was clean and airy. Actually had a fine view of the Hudson River alomg with city scene. My concern is in the bathroom. Plenty of towels available. However Zthere should be a safety bar in the shower and a rubber mat.,4
1683, March 2019,Wonderful time at the Row,"A great experience from the time we arrived. Quick check in, courteous staff, loved the rooms. The Row is located in a perfect location for seeing the shows. There is a great selection of places to have a nice sit down dinner or lunch. Several nice bars and pubs to go in to get a couple of drinks and relax. We have been in NYC at least once every year for the past 7 years and the last two times we stayed at the Row. I don't think we will try any other place as it gives us everything we need.",5
1684, March 2019,Excellent stay at the ROW,"This hotel was recommended to me by a friend. It is located in a great area with plenty of restaurants, shopping and just a few blocks from Times Square. Rooms were very nice and clean. We will definitely be back.",5
1685, April 2019,Great Value!,Have stayed at this location a number of times over the past several months and have enjoyed the convenience of the location midtown as well as the quality and comfort inside the hotel. This is a trendy setting with a bar and multiple restaurant options in the building. Staff is very helpful and courteous.,5
1686, April 2019,Good surprise,"Very well located. Near Port Authority bus terminal, therefore subway station (line blue). Many restaurants, coffee shops and drugstores nearby. In the Broadway, for those who appreciate musicals. Central Park at close reach as well as UN, downtown.",4
1687, April 2019,LOCATION is the only thing you pay for !,"As I can see I am not the only one who’s writing a bad review about this hotel. First of all, I was upset with the additional fees that were not displayed on my agent, Almosafer, site when I booked my room. There was no information giving about the fees on facilities within check-in. However, Rooms are very dirty and dusty, even when a house keeping lady clean the room everyday she didn’t even wipe the countertop and the bathroom well, they just change the towels which are torn and yellowish color, it’s really a disgusting thing that I ever experienced. Also, when I removed the bed sheet from the bed I saw all kind of hair underlying the sheet!! Was I sleeping on this bed!!! And another thing whenever I dialed “0” to even speak with the front desk or the room services no one",1
1688, March 2019,Excellent hotel,Excellent location with plenty of amenities in the hotel. Walking distance to all broadway shows and Times Square. All other areas of New York easily accessible from subway at Port Authority just two minute walk from hotel.,5
1689, March 2019,My stay was not pleasant,"The hotel is very old, very dirty, rooms are small. There were no fridge nor water cattle in the room. Rooms and corridors are very dark with bad lightening as well. The only thing I injoined in the hotel wasits location close to times square.",1
1690, April 2019,Dusty rooms! You pay for location!,"So I would give a 5 stars for location and very friendly staff.... as for the hotel itself.... the lobby and city kitchen is the best part of the actual hotel.... the rooms were beyond small even with upgrade and I get it because its NYC but I have stayed in nyc on numerous occasions at different hotels and had more space than whats offered here..... on top of that the rooms were dusty I really just felt so uncomfortable to where I layed towels on the floor to walk around. Initially I wanted to leave and lose the money that's how bad it was, but my fiance convinced me to stay because we were only there for 1 night for the Hamilton play. The toilet was one that u would find in a fast food restaurant.... there is a sliding door as the bathroom door that doesn't really close and is",1
1691, April 2019,Loved the TKO band in the District M bar!,"TKO band, led by Timatha brought it on a Thursday! Great music! So much fun and it really enhanced our night out! They killed it and we danced til we dropped! Highly recommend a visit. We really appreciated having the bar/band so close to where we saw Phantom! Great night out!",5
1692, March 2019,tiny and broken room.,"Rude staff. Tiny room. Towels all torn. Pictures from website does not match the actual experience. At the moment of the online reservation, I was able to choose between I full or queen bed and I had a full bed. Heater turned on suddely and I asked the staff to turn it down 4 times and they didnt reponded me,",2
1693, April 2019,Worst reception experience,"Check in receptionist was extremely rude, scoffed at us when we were upset with added fees which were not displayed on the Expedia site. No information given about facilities on check in, even after we asked she was extremely unhelpful. Consistent issue with loud music and smell of marijuana on our floor, when we raised this issue with reception they said they would transfer us to management and we got no answer or help with the issue. We tried to call back throughout the evening and got no answer. Staff at elevators were rude and sarcastic when we tried telling them the elevators kept dropping us on floor four which seemed to be a housing initiative and not hotel guests, with no way to get to our room on the 14th floor. Extremely disappointed with this so called hotel (more",1
1694, March 2019,"Good hotel, small rooms","Good hotel, great service, small rooms. Wish there had been ventilation and adult size toilet. All staff members were very friendly and helpful. Excellent location to so many different points in the city.",4
1695, March 2019,"It was fine, just fine",It was just fine. It wasn’t the worst but it wasn’t the best. Yeah people outside were noisy but I don’t think that’s the hotel’s fault. There were also some minor damages but it wasn’t anything to complain about.,4
1696, March 2019,Great time at Row NYC,"Would definitely stay again! Room was a bit smaller than I thought would be but still very pleasant. Friendly staff all around and clean rooms. Glad they let us keep our luggage there after checkout, would stay there again!",5
1697, March 2019,Too expensive for parking,What got me upset was that this hotel charge $70 for parking for only 24 hours and if you need your car within those 24 hours they charge you again $70 for other round of 24hours only when you come back with the car,3
1698, April 2019,good at the Row,this was a good stay at the Row in NY.safe clean and close to time square.very fair for the price .and the staff was nice.for sure we might return.i travel with my daughter and we are from Miami. thanks,5
1699, March 2019,Mary,I recently stayed overnight at this hotel for an event..my retirement party. It met all my expectations and was a totally enjoyable stay! The room was immaculate and the bed was heavenly. I will definitely be staying here again!!,5
1700, April 2019,Chill vibes,"Very cool hotel!! A very chill place with great rooms. The location was also right in the middle of all the places we wanted to go. My friends and I loved the room and can’t wait to come back! Checking in was honestly the best part, Paola is amazing!!!",5
1701, March 2019,Great place to stay,"Id stay here if you'd want to be close to times square but not on it. Ease to so many shops, food and plays. Near times square and a good price. Small rooms but clean, fast elevators, helpful staff. Id stay here again, overall would definitely recommend.",4
1702, March 2019,"great location, good price","very near times square, great staff, decent breakfast, fair price. very busy elevators in the am, great security We would suggest this to friends over the 500 per night hotels, it was just what we needed",4
1703, August 2018,Urban Classic,"The Row NYC Hotel is in a great location in the New York theatre district. The hotel is one of the older New York City hotels, but the lobby and public areas have been nicely updated. Rooms are small, but very clean and comfortably accommodated with modern decor. The included breakfast was classy continental and quite enjoyable in a true New York cafe setting. Hotel elevators are programmed to minimize wait time and transport time (nice!!!). For a better visual experience, you may want to request a city view.",4
1704, March 2019,Great location!,"One block from Times Square, within easy walking distance to many theatres, subway, buses, and restaurants. This was my fourth stay at The Row NYC, and all the staff is very helpful and friendly. Need multiple rooms? Josephine Jun, in group travel, is wonderful to work with.",5
1705, March 2019,"Great location, simple clean rooms","I’ve stayed at this hotel for many years now. I’m seldom disappointed. The beds are comfortable, and the room clean. You really can’t beat the location, and the price is usually pretty good for the area.",4
1706, February 2019,Staff was Awesome!,"They gave us an awesome room with a view, answered all of our questions and were always smiling. Caesar and Shantelle at the front desk were so helpful and accommodating.We felt very safe at the hotel. It was suer close to the Broadway show we were seeing and several awesome food places.",5
1707, March 2019,Attendance,"I was very well met by a hotel employee (Junior), I have no previous experience in New York! He taught me very well in all the procedures and gave tips on locomotion in the city that was very useful to me! Very polite.",4
1708, March 2019,NYC WEEKEND,Hotel was a great location for walking every which direction in the city. Staff was friendly and helpful with any questions or concerns. Price was very affordable for the location and the bed was very comfortable. Many great restaurants in the area along with a food court right in the hotel.,4
1709, November 2018,Awesome,Great choices to eat right inside the hotel. The room we were in was very small and the sink was next to the toilet so the bar hit your hip while sitting. But it was nice to see that if you did not have a room key you could not wonder onto the floors.,4
1710, March 2019,Great Hotel @Affordable Price,"Excellent location @8th Ave which is just next to Times Square 7th Ave. Plenty of eateries around from deli to convenient store; and fast food to chain restaurant! In fact, the popular City Kitchen is located within the hotel with great eateries from local to Japanese to Mexican cuisine. Our favourite is Dough! Nevertheless, the room is good for 2 with big luggage though the bathroom is a bit tiny and the bed is too soft for us with only 3 pillows. Also, no kettle and slipper. Fortunately, the room is equipped with an iron, ironing board and hairdryer with nice amenities, but no toothbrush. Helpful front desk and left baggage unit at the ground level. Overall, a great stay though it could be better. Not perfect, but would still stay @Row the next time and indeed, worth",4
1711, March 2019,"Great location, filthy rooms","The location of the hotel is great. 5 mins to Broadway and Times Square. Plenty of eateries around. Hotel even have an attached foodcourt, manned by individual vendors. Quality of the food in the foodcourt is not that great, but, it's no fault of the hotel. Cleanliness of the rooms is bad. Carpets are dirty. Corners of the bathroom, full of dust. The hole in the wall, covered with a curtain (which is passed off as a clothes wardrobe) is filthy. It is simply a hotel (of this grade and price) with the dirtiest rooms I have ever come across. Size wise, the rooms are not large. But, this is to be expected for a city, boutique style hotel. The wait for the elevator can be long. I have seen guests wait up to 10 minutes for the elevators.",3
1712, March 2019,Lots of street noise,"We stayed here for 5 nights. Initially when we checked in we weren’t impressed with our standard room as it was very small. We went to reception and were able to upgrade to a king room which was much better. The rooms are clean and nice, however, our room which was a corner room so had two windows was very noisy. It was like we had the windows open all night or we were at street level. We could also hear our neighbour, not sure if this was because it was a corner room? Also, we had to run the shower for 15 min at least before the hot water came through in the shower if it did at all. Had a few cool showers.",3
1713, March 2019,Great Stay at. Rownyc,"A Big Thank you goes to Robert at the front desk for helping us get the best room- he was very kind & very helpful! Rownyc has the best location- very near Times Square- Also, there are 8 elevators & they keep the flow of people moving.. we would definitely stay there again..",5
1714, March 2019,mehhhh!,". The check in was easy, the lady behind the counter was super helpfull and the best part of my stay. The room was claustrophobic. I realize that real estate is prime in Manhattan but it was like a jigsaw puzzle trying to get my bags and me into the room since the door just barely misses the bed. I had to walk sideways to get from one side of the bed to the bathroom because (and I measured) it is sixteen inches between bed and wall with flat screen TV. the bathroom doorway requires you to enter sideways as well. the thermostat never worked so I regulated temp by opening the window until it was freezing in the room and then shutting it. There is a little desk against the length of the wall with the entrance door. If you want to feel like you live in a martial law state, this is",3
1715, March 2019,We love this place,"This was our second stay at the Row NYC. Our impression of the property has not changed except to say it's better than last year. Location, service, room are all terrific I guess if we tried we could find something to criticize but that would take more effort than it is worth. We will be back again and again",4
1716, March 2019,Good value for money,"The hotel offers great value for money, centrally located, clean and the staff is really nice and helpful, particular the people at the breakfast buffet and Shantelle at the reception who went out of her way to help us. 10 stars to her!",5
1717, March 2019,Good hotel,"At first, there was a lady at the reception who clearly didn’t care about our check in. We were assisted by Douglas from reception and he was helpful. Very fast wifi, good room service, good air-conditioning. Over all i recommend a stay at this hotel.",4
1718, August 2018,LOVELY LOCATION.. With a Beautiful View! Beware:The room is definitely NYC sized.. with hidden fees.,"There's a lounge with a digital art gallery, and an excellent food court that sits adjacent to the elevator, as well a convenience store and an underground salon. There's also a gym and a fitness studio with indoor cycling.. So many amenities in one place. I visited the salon twice, and took two indoor cycling classes during the week that I was there. The Housekeeping Staff was AMAZING.. the front desk associates were decent.. I literally had no issues with this hotel, until I checked out. Thats when I was charged a bunch of double fees, and weird hidden fees, that totaled over $300, that was supposed to be refunded but never was. I have called several times and nothing was ever done about it. I am still giving a positive review because the hotel itself is great, just beware",5
1719, December 2018,HIDDEN CHARGES,"Amazing location, really easy to find, and near tube stations. Felt safe in this part of NYC too. The hotel itself seems a little run down, not much attention to detail, but when youre in NY, youre not really spending much time in a hotel room i suppose! Bar downstairs really good, lovely staff. The only really bad thing was the hidden charges, (had to argue about charges to the room that we didnt make) and also, on the website, it says if youre paying via cash - which we were - only a $200 deposit is to be made for the room. However, we were charged much more than this. i understand you get this back at the end of the holiday, but it still meant we had less than we had budgeted for in the end! Overall, 3 Stars, the sheer lack of compassion from the staff when trying to explain",3
1720, March 2019,Excellent location counterbalances a mediocre room,"The location of the hotel is excellent, however the room was tiny and dirty, even though it was a Deluxe double room. After a skip the line web check-in, we had to queue for half an hour so as to get the keys to our room.",3
1721, March 2019,great value,"Best price for a decent room in Times Square. Small but nice room however it was not equipped with a coffee maker. Right in the heart of the city, food and entertainment in house and everything within easy reach.",5
1722, February 2019,"solid location, rooms and public access areas in disrepair","The location is as solid as there is in midtown. The accommodations were pretty wretched. Reservation said no fees, yet at checkout there were. Need the GM to round up the staff and get in their heads that the guests are the priority.",3
1723, March 2019,DO NOT STAY HERE,"Do not stay at this hotel. I was charged $200 incidental fee. $100 room deposit and $200 dollars facilities fee on exit. These are extortionate charges. And check what your paying for as they tried to add breakfast charges on, I booked room only! Only good thing about the hotel is location and the cleaners do a fantastic job. My room.was cleaned every day!",1
1724, March 2019,Great experience at the Row!,"Our room was great, always clean and ready whenever we got back. The staff was very kind and helpful and always ready to help us, no matter what we needed. When we had a problem they instantly solved it. Although we didn't experience the breakfast service we did had a bite at their cafè, and we can assure the food was great.",5
1725, March 2019,NYC trip,"This is a great location. We were able to walk to all the Broadway shows and it was only a block from Times Square. The rooms are small, but clean, unique, and fun! This was my 3rd time staying at the Row, and I especially loved having a city view.",5
1726, March 2019,Rest and relaxation,Well I needed to get away and relax that was the main reason I booked my stay at the hotel to rest and relax catch a show see a movie eat good food at the best restaurant as possible and get a lot of sleep,5
1727, March 2019,Incredible.,"We are currently enjoying our stay at Row NYC! At first glance the hotel is stunning, great from the outside and the lobby is immaculate! We arrived a little early for our check in and our room wasn’t ready so we got an upgrade, the AC wasn’t working in the room and despite the engineer trying to fix it, the unit needed to be replaced which we were told could take up to an hour and at this point we were very tired. This was when our mediocre experience turned fantastic, we were greeted at the front desk by two VERY friendly staff called Paola and Cristina, who immediately rectified the situation and gave us yet another upgrade! We are now in a spectacular, spotless, spacious room with a breathtaking view. Anything we need be it recommendations, directions or even a good",5
1728, March 2019,Excellent Location!,Excellent location. Junior at Front Desk was amazing. Rooms were tiny but completely adequate. Slept well. Clean except dust in corners of bathroom floor. Food at City Market was excellent. Breakfast was simple but good. Staff very nice. 3+ rating. Overall would stay again.,4
1729, March 2019,"Great location, confortable and good value","Fine hotel in near all the Broadway shows and at great value, rooms are comfortable, clean and quiet. All you need for a business or personal trip. The location is perfect in Midtown. Easy access from la. Guardia airport by public transportation.",4
1730, March 2019,Nice but....,"My partner booked this hotel for a last minute trip to NYC. The reviews weren’t exactly the best but we thought we’d give this hotel a go. I will start with the positives. The location is great, literally a block from Times Sq, Port Authority bus station and within walking distance of the main mid town attractions. The hotel has a good lift system as well you never have to wait forever for a packed lift to arrive. The rooms were very small but comfortable, good for a quick visit to NYC. Now for the negatives. I’m going to be harsh as so many other reviews have said exactly the same thing....the hotel is dirty. The lifts had rubbish on the floor like old coffee cups. The carpet in my room had clearly not been hoovered for a while. The carpets are black so they show up dirt very",2
1731, March 2019,Great Service!! Thank you Shantelle,"I booked a last minute reservation at the ROW NYC. Shantelle made check in so smooth and I was up in my room within minutes. They also informed me that you can make any international call for free from the room, so that is great for international guests. The hotel is brilliantly designed and there is a bar and lounge area that is very hip downstairs. My first room was nice and bright, lots of green colors and surprisingly spacious because of the way the room is organized. I was not happy with the shower and went downstaits. This is when Shantelle went above and beyond for me. She not only changed my room but put me in a suite. When I say it is the nicest hotel room I think I have ever been in. Panoramic views of the city and a oversized shower were my favorite aspects of the",5
1732, March 2019,Wonderful Hotel for Groups,"My theatre travel agency Curtain Up Theatre Tours just spent 5 nights at the ROW Hotel this March. This is a wonderful place to stay for groups coming to New York to experience Broadway. The location is ideal as theatres are right outside the door. Restaurant Row is just down the street on 46th and Hell's Kitchen restaurants are just to the west. All 35 of my participants raved about their stay at the ROW. The sales staff, Eliana and Josephine made the booking and arrival flawless. We were greeted by friendly hotel staff and throughout the stay everyone at the hotel assisted in anyway needed. Highly recommended. I will stay here with another group in October. Looking forward to the return",5
1733, March 2019,"Perfect location, facility fee not so much",Buyer beware. When booking make sure you read the fine print because the $40 facility fee they will charge you even if you don’t use the facilities regardless it’s almost Nonsense fee just for staying. It was one block away from everything room with a decent cansidering its Manhattan. Couldn’t ask for a cheaper room in downtown Manhattan for the quality just that fee pissed me off at the end.,4
1734, March 2019,Jaekwon Gilchrist,"Microwave and a mini refrigerator would be very great for the next stay. Other than that it was a beautiful stay. We did enjoy the shower, the bed, the view of the city and the television. We would recommend people to have a beautiful day at ROW NYC.",5
1735, March 2019,Excellent place to stay,"My husband and 9 year old stayed here for 3 days. The staff were excellent, friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean. bathroom also. We were on the 21st floor, no issues with outside noise. My husband found the room fan noisy but I had no issue with it. Food kitchen next door was fair but there are better places to close by. Excellent location for theatre district, subway is out the front door to the left, just cross the street. Great connections to down town, Statue of Liberty, 9?11 memorial, central park and La Guardia airport.",5
1736, March 2019,Hotel advertising photoshopped and airbrushed to unrecognisable,Hotel has brilliant prime location couldn’t get better. Staff at the hotel are unhelpful and rude check in took over 1 hour didn’t get checked into the hotel until 12:30am. Rooms where of 1 star standard carpets where filthy but bathrooms where very clean.,2
1737, March 2019,Will stay here when I go back to NYC!,I stayed at Row NYC my first time traveling to NYC this week. The location of the hotel is great and so close to many of the places I wanted to experience. The staff was super friendly and the rooms were great! I’ll be staying here again when I go back!,5
1738, March 2019,Love the Row,Wish there had been a fridge to put our waters and leftover cheesecake- but really was not a big deal. All was fine! Great location. Great employees who went above and beyond to make us comfortable. Very clean. Smelled fresh. Comfortable sleep. Good trip!,5
1739, August 2018,Good location,"The hotel is located in an ideal location, close to theaters and timesquare. Since your close to everything you’ll need to plan on $40/night parking. I was working on the east side so I ended up paying $80/ day parking for both locations. Expected for Manhattan. Not much to do at the hotel...but your snack in the middle of it all.",4
1740, March 2019,Would not return,"We booked a queen size room with a city view. We were offered to upgrade the room to a king, so we did. The ""upgrade"" room was the exact same size as a full, no microwave, no refrigerator, the view was of a back alley, pressing guide on the remote did not work. We also informed the front desk of ashes on the sil next to the toilet, after cleaning the ashes remained untouched. Most of the outlets were hidden behind different items. Night stand only on one side of bed. Made me glad that we spent most of the day sight seeing and at the zoo, and almost no time in the room.",2
1741, March 2019,Junior I love you,The hotel is so amazing! I loved it! And Junior is so kind and the best one! Thank you so much! Thank you for the hospitality and kindness! Every time that I go to NY I stay in the same hotel... super clean!,5
1742, March 2019,ROW,"It was an excellent experience. The hotel is very nice with a privileged location 1 block away from Times Square, rooms are clean and nice and the best of all is the price. Excellent relation between what you pay and what you get.",5
1743, March 2019,Hurtful,"Would love my money back, very disappointing. Was my families first trip and the room was not sanitized, the room was not what I was told it would be, from dest clerk dismissed me when I asked for another room and said no.. I was very uspest",1
1744, March 2019,Great location,Hotel is located close to theaters and restaurants and bars. Restaurant Row is right up the street. The hotel is showing signs of wear and tear. We had some paint peeling in our bathroom but its a great location and a reasonable price if you get discounts. Without discounts it is in my estimation overpriced.,4
1745, March 2019,Convenient location for a good price,"Alarm clock was broken. Thermostat didn't work. Room was warm no matter what setting, so we opened the window. Wifi was slow at times. Continental breakfast was convenient. I'd definitely stay at the Row again.",4
1746, March 2019,"Very, Very busy hotel","Very lively hotel, Not very modern although its hugh.In a good location easy walking distance to most of the attractions. Beds clean and comfortable. Towels changed every day. A few reception staff quite abrupt. Would stay here again because of location.",3
1747, March 2019,"Best location, small room","I got the deluxe room and even so its size was way much smaller than expected through the website pictures. Besides this aspect, the location of the hotel is the best, right at the heart of Times Square, with lots of restaurant and store options nearby, as well as many main subway lines just at the corner.",4
1748, March 2019,NYC Long Weekend,Highly recommend Row NYC for value (for the area) and proximity to all you need in NYC. major Broadway shows within steps. Nice local bars and restaurants of Hell's Kitchen a block or two away. Tour buses go right by the door and subways a block away,5
1749, March 2019,Location Location Location,"The best place to stay in the center of everything, just around the corner from John's PIzza 2 blocks from Times Square and the subway. They hold your luggage if you checked out and need to walk around some more.",5
1750, February 2019,In the middle of manhatten,Rooms are small but sufficient. all you need is there. What seems a bit strange is the additional payment for the facilities whether you use it or not. I am used to that it is standard in the price of the room or that you pay per use.,3
1751, March 2019,21st Birthday nightmare,"We booked a room for my son and paid in advance. Booking was in my sons name but on my credit card. When we phoned to reconfirm when our son was on the way, no trace of booking! After three hours of repeated phone calls, being put on hold, being cut off and having to redial and explain all over again, we found the booking under MY name, not his. Not end of story. They then wanted another credit card authorization which we sent but only the front desk could confirm it had been received. Would have been easier to phone the Pope than the hotel front desk. Another two hours of calling and getting cut off - we never got through. Happily, son was checked in when he arrived and had good weekend in NYC, no thanks to Row NYC. Following day had call from customer services",1
1752, December 2018,Friendly clean hotel,Stayed Christmas. The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. The room has everything we needed. There was a water cooler that also dispensed ice just outside the room. It’s close to broadway and Time Square.,4
1753, March 2019,Amazing customer service!,"While not the fanciest hotel I've stayed in in NYC, the rooms were good and clean and the customer service was great. After being snowed out of denver in the ""Bomb Cyclone"" last week, i had to extend my stay and ended up at Row. The check in line was a bit long but it was rush hour so that's to be expected. Shantelle heard about how i was stuck and upgraded my room free of charge and expressed how sorry she was that i couldn't get home. The room was a basic room with a desk and bed, but clean. That and being left alone is all i ever require from a hotel on business and they did just that. Props to the managing group for giving their employees incentives to be better. Your review system made for some of the best customer service ive ever experienced at a hotel and that goes a",5
1754, March 2019,Getting run down and staff getting tired,"Our second time here. Dirty, vomit in the lobby washrooms. Some staff were great, but some had total attitude, and the rest of the staff just seemed to allow it to happen. If you think your customers are a pain in the butt for simply trying to check in, perhaps it’s time to change departments to something off the front lines. Once again, and I said it in another review, please don’t act as though you’re doing us a favour and going out of your way to allow us to give you our business.",3
1755, March 2019,Spring Break,"Great location, walking distance to many theatres. The staff was helpful. Love the food court adjacent to the hotel. Good selection of food and great atmosphere. Cleanliness of room and linens below average.",3
1756, March 2019,Worst service ever in a hotel. Answer the phone. Repair broken items in room. Clean rug. Vacuum vents,Answer the phone. Clean the rugs. Answer the phone! Hire more & friendlier staff. The long lines at desk were unacceptable! Had better service from any chain hotel - not expected from a “boutique “ propert! Clean the dust out of the vents. Clean & repair window shades. Don’t charge for breakfast when it’s included,1
1757, March 2019,Great experience at the Row Hotel,Great combination of the value and location. A nice renovation a while back put a modern glass on an older building. Service was friendly and efficient. Continental breakfast was quite generous. Some rooms are small but getting one of the many rooms with a terrific view more than makes up for that.,5
1758, March 2019,Good price for an NYC stay,"The price was right for a place to stay in NYC! I knew the room would not be very big, and it wasn't. But it was just fine for a place to sleep and change clothes, etc. - as everyone says, if you are visiting NYC, you shouldn't be in your hotel room except to sleep and shower! This is an older property that has been redecorated. My only complaint is the cleanliness of my room: The floors needed to be vacuumed - there were pieces of white thread and lint all around the room; there were black scuff marks on the walls; there were pieces of black hair on the shower wall and in the tub; there were dust bunnies on the walls along the sides of the bathroom mirror; there was some mold in the caulking of the tub; and the window desperately needed to be washed - there wasn't much of",3
1759, March 2019,The bed was clean and the tv worked. That’s all,"When I arrived at the hotel I had to wait for 30 minutes to check in because of the length of the line. Once I was able to check in I got to my room and it smelled like a sewer. I tracked the smell to the bathroom. I tried to close the smell in the bathroom by closing the bathroom door, but I was unable to get the bathroom door closed. Once I got to sleep the housekeeping staff barged in on me twice, despite the fact that I had hung your do not disturb sign on the door. Also the Internet was really slow and at times didn’t work at all. Also I paid extra for a room with a view and I did not get that view.",2
1760, March 2019,"Good, not great","Great location if visiting the UN or exploring Manhattan as a tourist. Management either needs to pay staff better or increase the number of staff as my room was not properly clean on arrival. Not the forgotten dust behind the TV kinda dirty (they had that too) but urine stains on the toilet seat kinda dirty. However housekeeping responded quickly and immediately sent someone to clean. The decor is trendy and artsy, though the building's age shows through, specially in the stairwell. Need to repair cracks and replace peeling paint. Rooms are great, especially those for people with disabilities. 2 thumbs up! Linen was worn but clean and soft. The gym is reasonably well equipped, with fruit and water provided. The best staff are in the candy shop downstairs. Very professional",3
1761, March 2019,Great location,Loved the location close to broadway and time square. Hotel is clean overall. Rooms are very small. We did not like that our room was only cleaned once during our week long stay. Staff at hotel and Sugar Factory downstairs was very nice.,3
1762, March 2019,Excellent location if you're in NYC to see Broadway shows,"Location can't be beat -- close to all theaters, Times Square, Central Park and a short subway ride from Ground Zero Museums. Unfortunately that's the only positive comment I can make. The hallways and elevators were dirty at all hours of the day and night leading me to believe nobody cleaned them during my 4 day stay. Rooms extremely small even for 2 people and the view was non-existent -- the back of another building. Beware of additional charges when you check in.",2
1763, March 2019,Dirty,"Bathroom was dirty. Hair everywhere, will tiles looked like someone threw up on them and bathtub felt like you were going to fall through it when you stepped in to take a shower. Location is great. Staff not very friendly. Wouldn’t stay here again.",2
1764, March 2019,Not worth $180 a nite,"lack of cleanliness, poor front desk service, no heat/ac controls in the room, bathroom with human splats on the wall, tub not stable wobbles as you shower, paper thin overused towels in the bathroom.",2
1765, March 2019,Just ok...,"The hotel was in a great location but was smoky, unknown extra charges to check in-I never understood the reason behind that, front desk staff ok, no queen beds-only double beds even though the website said queen, not enough towels.",3
1766, March 2019,Hide your medication!,"The hotel itself is basic, but ok if you are able to sleep through noise (air con and outside traffic). I left my meds on the bathroom shelf and after the first day, one of my meds that was left there dissapeared. I raised it with the hotel and they weren't too allaremed saying, they probalby won't be able to find out what happened, but that if I want, I can raise a complaint. Fortunately, these were only vitamins, although looking like prescription pills, but the hotel staff didn't know that. No surprise, the didn't find out what happened and didn't even get an apology. Something to be aware of.",1
1767, March 2019,Nice Place,"The Row NYC is not a bad hotel. The layout of the hallways and rooms are a bit cramped, but I've never stayed in a NYC hotel until now, so I'm sure what I should be expecting. Anyway, I quite liked the hotel; very clean, good security, and friendly and cooperative staff. And a bonus, it's a very convenient block away from Times Square! Would definitely visit again!",5
1768, March 2019,Needs improvement!,"The information ,from the previous page should be used as -improvement for this hotel due to the fact of the various issues that where noticeabl upon my stay ,at the hotel.The hotel is located in the hart of things but ,the property needs to address this minor things,like the elevator has trash on the floor,the area where you fill water up ,was so horrible,when you pull the door of the water cabinet!",1
1769, March 2019,"Location, location, location!!","Very comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Close to everything, but far enough away from the Times Square crowds!! Would highly recommend this hotel and do take advantage of the room rate that includes valet parking!!",4
1770, March 2019,Not very satisfied,"For the money I spent on the room, it was very dirty. I was surprised. The carpet looked like it had never been cleaned. The room in general was very dirty, however the bedding was clean thankfully. But the coffee was good, and the men at the elevator and doors were great and friendly.",2
1771, March 2019,Disappointed,The Hotel personnel were extremely slow and check in took over 30 minutes. Valet took forever. Noise outside was ridiculous and prevented me from sleeping. Could hear absolutely everything. Lobby was extremely hot. Room was small but clean and location was good.,3
1772, March 2019,Great location,"Great location for being in the middle of everything, very close to Times Square. There wasn't a lot of space in our room but it was big enough for just using as a base. We had a room with a city view but as we were on the 26th floor and there was a low wall outside our windows we really couldn't see a lot. The bed and pillows were really comfortable and we didn't hear much noise. The room was fairly clean but certainly not spotless. One negative in the room was that we couldn't control the temperature of the radiator as it had a fixed cover over it. It seemed to be on high most of the time which meant we had to have the window right next to the bed open at night. We did ask at Reception for it to be turned down but that didn't seem to happen. Breakfast was good - 2",4
1773, March 2019,business trip,"great price and very nice hotel in the heart of nyc. hip, vibrant, great bar. the rooms are clean, contemporary, and no outside noise. if you're for an ideal spot within close proximity, this is your spot. will stay again.",5
1774, March 2019,Great hotel in the Time Square!,"Hotel was a perfect location and price point. Clean & very comfortable rooms with friendly attentive staff. Also a great hotel bar/lounge with awesome pizza & elegant appetizers. Great hotel, highly recommend.",5
1775, February 2019,A good hotel around Times Square and Broadway,"Although it's expensive, it's very well located around Times Square and Broadway. Its standard rooms are good size and clean. Think first if what you will pay in MTA or transport could be invested in hotel. They will give you just free water and Internet, meals and hot drinks will be up to you or have an extra cost. If you will go to Broadway, you have the best theaters 5-10 min. around.",4
1776, February 2019,Fantastic visit,"We had booked this as a couples couple of days away, I am married to a twin, his twin's wife had never been to New York so I booked this at a very reasonable rate. On arrival a receptionist called Chantelle checked us in, after the men had totally confused her as they are identical. We were allocated rooms 1008 & 1009. Our room, 1008, was outstanding, situated on the corner of the building. we had views up 8th Avenue towards Central Park & across 45th Street, where we could see the edge of the SS Intrepid. The room was large & airy, complete with had a massive bed which was so comfortable, the bathroom had a bath with a shower over it. The staff were friendly & helpful, we enjoyed a lovely evening with the staff in the bar, nothing too much trouble for them. The hotel is in a",5
1777, March 2019,Great experience,"Great location and within walking distance to many attractions. Staff was very helpful and knowledgeable of the area. It was nice to be able to use the printers to print our boarding passes before leaving. I liked that there was security by the elevators, I felt safe the entire we were there.",5
1778, March 2019,Great hotel for tourist near Times Square.,"A very nice hotel, very good service, although rooms are a little bit small. Besides that the location of the hotel is excelent, just one block away from times square. Also the service form the hotel staff is excelent and the city's kitchen in the lobby is a great option for a fast bite before you hit the city.",4
1779, March 2019,Adequate,"Best value we could find that placed us in mid-town Manhattan. Overall good place to stay, just be prepared for crowded elevators, very small rooms, and no in-room coffee. The Concierge was very helpful, and the ability to store luggage was a huge help.",3
1780, March 2019,okay but only for a low price,"good hotel in great location if you get a cheap rate (mine was $100). room was small, couldn't adjust temp. get yelled at by elevator man everyday. valet process took 45 min everyday. food options were good.",3
1781, March 2019,Great for theater district,A short walking distance to all the most popular theaters. Great restaurant choices over on 9th. Also an entrance to the subway is right across the street. Have stayed a couple handful of times over the year and will always come back. Staff has always been friendly. If you are packing in a lot in just a few days this works well. Not super luxurious but very comfortable.,4
1782, March 2019,Perfect place for seeing a broadway show,This is perfect for those wanting to see a broadway show. We booked to be able to walk to a Wicked. It was perfect. Hotel is clean however bring earplugs as the radiator sounded like kids banging pots and pans in the kitchen! Staff is friendly. The only trouble we had was getting our car that we prepaid valet parking for. It took an hour for them to bring our car to us. Other than that it was great. Would stay again.,4
1783, March 2019,Mother Daughter Trip,"Fantastic location and lively, friendly atmosphere. Loved how close my daughter and I were to both shows we saw, phantom of the opera and kinky boots! Breakfast included made startling our day so easy!",5
1784, March 2019,Unprofessional of the reception,"The reception who work on 4th around 10.30am who is black and long hair was so unprofessional, acting poor behavior and look down customer as I claimed that I have to wai for 30mins of an elevator from 16th floor and decided to walked she just said ‘IT’S NOT HER FALSE’. I am the royal customers of this hotel ans you can see from the last booking and not expected to receive anything like this!",1
1785, February 2019,Lovely hotel in a great location.,"Arrived at the hotel on Friday afternoon to be greeted with a smile at check-in. The rooms were great, clean,well presented and warm. Had read many poor reviews for this hotel but really have to say we were very impressed.",4
1786, March 2019,Unexpectedly Delightful,"We arrived at the hotel around 2 in the morning, and there was only one concierge available with a line of people to check-in, and you could tell that there were a handful of issues coming up since the manager had to constantly come out to assist a customer. When it was my wife's turn to check in after standing in a line for about 10-15 minutes, she was expecting the concierge to not be in a great mood with reason, but to her surprise Shantelle was an absolute pleasure, and the smile she had, made you forget it was 2 in the morning and you just got out of a 4 hour long car ride. When we got to our room it was cozy and very tidy. They even provide you with a to go water pack in case you forgot yours at home, because walking around in NYC you will need to keep hydrated. I",5
1787, March 2019,Excellent location and value,"Excellent location right off of Times Square and a quick walk to many theaters and restaurants. Deluxe king room was a bit on the small side (It is NYC), but clean and updated. We didn’t really use any hotel amenities.",5
1788, March 2019,Spring break,"Very nice location. Close to theaters,Times Sq and restaurants. Hotel was very safe with security at night at elevators. City Kitchen was great attached to Hotel, and offered something for everyone. Food was very good. Roxy's Deli was next door and Hot Pastrami Sandwich exceeded my expectations.",4
1789, June 2018,nice stay,"Nice hotel. My check in was quick ( due to luck probably) as during my stay it was always a line waiting for check in. The staff is welcoming and ready to help. The room was nice but small even with a deluxe room city view... I can't imagine the size of the standard or superior ones. try to avoid the room in front of the ice machine... The housekeeping was done correctly. the ""city kitchen"" is a plus as you can pick some food when you come back from visit.",4
1790, March 2019,Great Hotel,Very busy hotel. The lobby is constantly full of people. But this is because the hotel is so big and in such a fantastic location. Sometimes it was a struggle to get a lift and at one point we were waiting a good 15 minutes before we gave up and started a trek from the 18th floor. The hotel guests were mostly young but there was no trouble at all. You had to show your room key at night to get into the lifts so it was very well controlled. The stay were helpful and efficient. The rooms weren't the biggest but were very clean. Maid service every day. 3 of us managed in one room and it was fine. Could do with tea/coffee making facilities though. Take your own kettle but hairdryer and iron provided. The little cage on the side of the hotel does the best English tea we tasted all,4
1791, December 2018,Hotel in the heart of New York City,we spent 3 nights there & the location was excellent on 8th Avenue. we were able to visit places within 5-10 minutes walk & 15-20 minutes to central park. Big Bus was nearby & Times square only 10 minutes walk away. no need for public transport.The hotel had all the facilities & comfort expected.,4
1792, March 2019,Can't wait to return,"Great location in Times Square. Room was great - security was top notch - ""safe elevators"", food court was quick and very reasonable, many broadway plays within 5 minutes walking distance. Walking distance from the train as well as the bus.",5
1793, March 2019,Average hotel,"So we booked this hotel because we saw that it was a 4 star hotel in the middle of Times Square and close to a lot of the touristy attractions around New York, when you walk in the lobby it does give you that impression, large open and trendy looking. We arrived very early so our room wasn’t ready so we were able to drop our bags with the bellhops and then we headed out for a bit. Our room was a deluxe room with a city view ( I forgot to take pictures of the room) it was small in comparison to other hotels we have stayed at in the past. There was some mould in the bathroom by the bath. The bed was comfortable enough but a bit too soft for my liking but comfortable enough. They provide you with a water bottle (part of the imposed resort fees) WiFi always worked (again part of",3
1794, February 2019,NYC Vacation,"The location of the hotel is perfect right near times square. The hotel was clean and reasonably priced for the area. The rooms are small, but that is common in NYC. The hotel staff went out of their way to make sure you get the most out of your visit. Especially Junior at reception who provided great advice for places to eat/drink. He also helped take care of a booking issue we had through Expedia (which he didn't have to assist with). I recommend booking directly on the hotel's website as the rates were the same or less than any other travel site and then you don't have to deal with a ""middle man"" such as Expedia.",5
1795, March 2019,chaotic check in,"my child and I were stuck on 4th floor with homeless population, child was afraid.. the elevator took 20 minutes to get away. shocking experience for child... screaming .. yelling , homeless person running around floor in underwear. When asked people how to get off this floor was told to talk to social worker THIS WAS THE FIRST FLOOR WE GOT OUT OF ON ARRIVAL TO SEE A BROADWAY PLAY FOR MY 11 YEAR OLD. SHE WAS SO AFRAID...WOULD REQUEST A VOCHER FOR A NIGHT FOR HOTEL TO HAVE A BETTER EXPERIENCE. Our room was so high up.... then the key did not work. Had to go down down again to front desk to activate key. reqested a lower floor. which manager did do. when we returned from broadway play to retrive our bags there were other people in our room. our room key was deactivated again. my",2
1796, February 2019,sweet 16,"wonderful reception with upgraded room for the occasion, Rita in charge, most helpful. Amanda & Jerry from Brooklyn were really a pleasure to deal with at ROW´s cozy modern bar. priviledged neighbourhood",5
1797, March 2019,"Comfortable Hotel , perfect location","Perfectly located . We were checked in by Junior who took our request for a high floor and turned it into a two windowed lovely room on the top floor , wonderful service . Rooms were clean . Would stop here again .",5
1798, February 2019,Unprofessional,The staff are the worst I've seen in any hotel ever. I did not get a single welcome when I arrived in the hotel. The hostess at the check in desk was more preoccupied with talking about hair with her associate. As I arrived in the evening tired myself and my wife were the only ones in line and we had to wait until they were satisfied talking about their hair before we could check in. This was the same service we recieved at breakfast. The breakfast was also a joke as its suppose to be be included in the price and when you get there half of items are not included. There is no label that they are not included and they are mixed in with what's included. The habitation was not very clean the corridors were dirty and stinked of weed on the 14th floor. Me and my wife stayed at the,1
1799, March 2019,Very Tired Hotel,"Check in takes an age, rooms very tired and basic, no draft beers,expensive drinks, only good point is its local to Times Square, Staff are friendly, Kitchens above have no connection with the Hotel and have a good selection of foods",2
1800, March 2019,Douglas hotel Associate,"I’ll definitely give the hotel associate Douglas a FIVE star! He is very kind and welcomes customer like a family! He gave me a complimentary room upgrade, which brings my stay to the next level! Great experience thanks to Douglas!",5
1801, March 2019,Not impressed,"Small room, super tiny bathroom. No fridge and carpet was a little dirty around the edges. Facility fee for what?? Next time I'd spend another $50 and stay in an iconic hotel like Knickerbocker or try the bigger chains. I thought this would be niche and boutique but it was disappointing.",2
1802, February 2019,You get what you pay for,"I booked this hotel because it was cheap. Quite a bit less than where I usually stay, and only a block away. Check in went smoothly, the staff was very nice. Upon checking into the room, the first thing you feel is how very small the rooms are. Here's where I say you get what you pay for. At first glance you see the room needs some cosmetic TLC, the veneer on the closets and side tables is broken, the trim has been painted over so many times, it's lumpy. The sheets were clean and the bed comfy, so a big plus there. My remote wouldn't work on the TV, so I had to call maintenance. Then I went to was my face before bed and notice there wasn't any soap in the bathroom, or washcloths. I called and housekeeping immediately brought some to me. The next day, housekeeping didn't replace",3
1803, March 2019,hotel is also a shelter,hotel rooms are tiny ....bathroom was in need of repair .....also hotel is also a shelter .....would be nice if hotel informed you that the gotel is also a shelter .....the room was so small i could barely open my suit case and lay it on the floor ...lifts are very bad .,1
1804, March 2019,Great Location,"So! Overall this was such a pleasant stay! The location doesnt get any better than this! It's close to Times Square and just about everything that you need! Honestly, nothing really tops the location. You have a great view, right next to the trains, and honestly the price that I paid was SUPER reasonable for the location, time frame...etc. I was happy with the booking! Check in was smooth. About PARKING, dont drive I would say if you really dont have to. I drove from DC so I Had my car but there's no street parking so expensive lots is all that you have to choose from. They DO have a partnership with one of the lots which was great, made parking $40 for 24 hours which is remarkable compared to the outlandish prices in neighboring lots. But that still adds up. As far as the",4
1805, March 2019,2 Nights,Our room is not clean especially under the sink. We have a lot of noise during the night. But the location is fabulous and the style of this hotel is amazing. I appreciate the complimentary for the breakfast.,2
1806, March 2019,Let the good times roll,We came to this restaurant to celebrate Fat Tuesday. 5 dollar Hurricanes and 1 dollar oysters were fabulous. Menu items were varied and featured Cajun favorites. The pecan pie with ice cream was to die for. View of Mount Mohonk also a plus. Staff was friendly and attentive.,5
1807, March 2019,Great location and price,"Ideal location just one block from times square and very close to port authority bus station. Hotel itself is fine but elevators are a joke, waiting times are ridiculous and lobby always seems busy with hangers on but overall couldn't complain",3
1808, March 2019,Horrible nightmare,The attitude of the manager was disgusting and the lack of service from security was worse definitely not kids friendly .Plenty of extra charges appear on your credit card when you leave and they will walk in your room when you’re not there which I have a big problem there is zero privacy if you want to have privacy this is not the place. plenty of extra charges appear on your credit card when you leave and they will walk in your room when you’re not there which I have a big problem there is zero privacy if you want to have privacy this is not the place,1
1809, March 2019,Surreptitious charges; TERRIBLE elevators,"The hotel adds a “facilities” charge. Ok, why not a boiler room maintenance fee? A fenestration cleaning surcharge? ROW’s fixed expense have to be paid, but don’t intentionally mislead customers about room costs. Secondly, the building uses an elevator dispatch system. It’s woefully bad. Expect wait times up to 10 minutes 4-8 was common all weekend.",2
1810, March 2019,Great location,"Excellent location, great atmosphere! Has everything you need for a great trip. Room is a bit small but location makes up for it. Had a cocktail in the bar and had the best service. Everyone was very helpful and friendly.",5
1811, March 2019,Poor Customer Service.,"Well, I have gotten poor customer service and haven't arrived yet!!! YES I that is correct, Their operator is so rude and dry. Its exteremly hard to get in touch with the front desk. One day i kept calling the operator started tranferring me and the phone would disconnect. The employee's were hang up on me. I finally spoke with a sup on staff he said he name was Steve he took ownership of the issue and upgraded my room. Now, my problem has started again. I am coming into town to celebrate my husbands birthday. Wanted a bottle in the room on ice upon my arrival. Can't seen to make this happen because its to damn hard to get in touch with a staff member. I wanted this trip to be special and great but I'm starting to think i has choosen the wrong hotel to make lasting",1
1812, March 2019,Night out,"The curb appeal to the hotel is very Time Square. However, after getting checked in and walking in the room. I found stains on the bed, hair and the hotel just didn’t feel clean. I would say cleanliness is lacking here.",1
1813, February 2019,Lovely ROW,"Perfect stay in the ROW NYC, helpful hosts, extremely clean and beautiful place. Very quiet, perfect for taking a rest after a long day in the city. VERY WELL LOCATED :) ... almost in Times Square!!!!",5
1814, February 2019,Best for location!,"Stayed here for 5 nights and at first, had a little trouble with the room as the hotel was overbooked, so we stayed in a king room for 1 night and had to swap the next day. No big deal but was a pain! Anyway, the hotel is in such a great location on 8th Avenue. A minute walk to Times Square & so close to all the theatres, 10 minute walk to Empire State Building, 10 minutes to Rockefeller centre & 10-15 mins to Central Park. All super easy to get to from hotel. Hotel rooms are nice and spacious. I’ve accepted all showers are just awful in NYC. No water pressure! But still ok to use. Hotel was really good at contacting via Instagram, they always answered which I really liked & helped me with the city tax before I arrived. Nice bar and shop inside the hotel too! The only",4
1815, March 2019,Good hotel in a great location,Have just returned from a trip to new york staying at ROW NYC. The hotel is in a great location. Right next to all the broadway shows and a 5 minute walk to Times Square. We had a room with 2 double beds with a city view on the 21st floor. The view was great. The room its self was small but did the job as we weren’t in it much so it Didn’t matter. The lobby of the hotel is always busy. The lift system was good you would put the floor number in that you wanted and it tells you what lift to get in. The only issue with this was on one morning it took us about 10- 15 minute to get down as it would only let us get in one lift and every time it came it was full every one must of been leaving at the same time that day. We only had breakfast from the bar once it was nice but found,3
1816, February 2019,Overall very good,"Great place to make as a base for tourist-related trip to NYC. Great deals on rooms, if you time it right. Super clean room and very helpful staff. The food court really made our stay! Excellent breakfast with lots of choices.",4
1817, February 2019,Great hotel in the middle of the action,Very near to time square and easy access to the subway. For the price this was a great hotel. We had left over food and having access to a microwave would have been excellent. The staff were very friendly and the included breakfast was good.,5
1818, January 2019,Great room in a fab location - shame about the heating,"Great choice for a boutique hotel in the heart of the action just off Times Square. The room was on the small side as we knew it would be but well designed to meet all our needs so we were quite happy on that front. Front desk quickly sorted small problems like our tv remote not working, and the concierge was super helpful when we wanted to explore Brooklyn. The only small gripe was the central heating, which hadn't been upgraded since the hotel was renovated a couple of years ago - so whenever the temperature dropped below a certain point at night, it kicked in over the whole building and the radiators rattled so much we both woke up each time (at least until we got used to this a few nights in). When we asked about this the receptionist said there was no override function",4
1819, March 2019,Affordable at the heart of Manhattan,"Very good hotel , worth the money, only a few quirks with the room card that stopped working, I think hotels do this for security reasons, happened the same with previous hotel , and the concierge was not very helpful. Elevators were congestioned at times due to high hotel occupancy.",4
1820, March 2019,Quick in and out of NYC,"We arrived at the Row and check in by a gentleman name Junior. Booked a King bed Deluxe with a view and Junior informed us that due to an incident the night before the Deluxe wasn't available, he quickly found us a room with a Kingbed and took off the resort tax of $40.00. We didnt even ask for the discount. We were happy with this resolution. He even told us of a nice bar down the street to to for reasonable priced drinks. Our room was clean and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. We will definately stay at the Row Hotel again. The price and comfy bed and location was perfect. Thank you Row for making or stay enjoyable",5
1821, February 2019,Bad choice,Bad choice. Do not stay at this hotel. Plenty of better choices in New York city. Long waits for elevators. Had no electricity in half of my room and it took the staff more than an hour to respond to our request.,1
1822, March 2019,Awesome Stay,"This post goes out to Shantelle she was the front desk attendant that help me with my room. She was courteous , helpful with all my needs. She was a pleasure to meet, she made me feel very welcomed awesome job.",5
1823, February 2019,A great place to stay!,I love staying at the Row NYC when I am in the city! It is literally in the heart of everything and only a short taxi or subway ride away from everything you need. I booked with the free breakfast - great way to start the day!,5
1824, February 2019,New York - 40th Birthday Celebration,"The hotel location was perfect, literally seconds to the hustle and bustle on Times Square and Broadway. The hotel decor is modern and clean and our room and bathroom was huge! We wasn’t really expecting this after reading the reviews but we was checked in to a disabled friendly room on the 27 floor with great views. The lifts were busy on times but with 27 floors of rooms, your not really going to have a lift to yourself every time you want one. The staff were friendly and helpful and couldn’t really do enough for you. I know you can’t please all of the people, all of the time but I’m speaking as I find and this hotel suited our needs. Modern, clean, the location was great........ We would definitely recommend!!",5
1825, March 2019,Always a Pleasure,I have been coming to this hotel for a long time and it’s always a pleasure interacting with all the staff. Junior was amazing at the front desk ! I did have some specific requests for my room and the housekeeping manager Honey and the housekeeper Bebe did everything possible to make it happen as fast as possible. They made my first night memorable. Thank You ROW,5
1826, December 2018,Hotel was overbooked,I was booked in for a nights stay in the Row hotel in December. Knowing that it was a busy time of year I booked the room back in March. I had received a confirmation email after I had booked & in March & even as close as the morning I was due to arrive. On the day I arrived I was told they were overbooked and that there wasn't a room available for us and moved us to a nearby sister hotel. The hotel room that we were put up in had a single bed and was a tiny room definitely not the queen sized room that my husband and I had requested. The manager in the row said we would be refunded for our 'stay' in the row as well as not be charged for our stay in the other hotel seeing as it was a mistake on their end.I received an email from the ROW afterwards but they initially stopped,1
1827, February 2019,Reasonable price for a quality stay,"We were looking for a reasonable price close to the theater in NYC. The Row NYC had the best price for a reasonable room. Here are the pluses: 1) great location...close to the subway, around the corner from the theaters and good restaurants; 2) attentive and welcoming staff; 3) clean rooms; 4) good security. Here are the minuses: 1) small rooms; 2) the bathroom is tiny...the toilet was so close to the bathroom sink, it made finishing your business slightly difficult; 3) the breakfast buffet (included in our package) was pastries and coffee/tea, and a piece of fruit...not really filling; and 4) there is a facility fee of around $30 a day that is really just another way to produce income. For the budget minded to the those seeking a mid-range hotel in a great location...I",4
1828, March 2019,Vibrant hotel but much better hotels in NYC,Stayed here for 7 nights. Reception and bar area look cool and funky but the bedrooms are far from it! Very tired decoration and small (which in fairness is kind of expected in NYC). Biggest disappointment was staff attitude. Too much time focused on asking for tips than actually ensuring good customer service. Much better quality hotels out there even if on a budget.,3
1829, March 2019,Cattle Market. Very rude staff,"We stayed for 7 nights from Saturday to Saturday. Check-in was fine. Receptionist was very helpful and polite. Room was fine. Basic, but clean and fine for our needs. The rudeness started from the security. Constantly hassling guests to move from certain areas. We had children with us. Security were telling them off and moving them on for absolutely no reason. There is a huge footfall of guests. You can wait for ten minutes for an elevator as they are so crowded. We then had the joy of storing and collecting our luggage on the last day. Dropping off, the porter basically tells you to leave a tip. This annoyed me. We know how to tip but it got me wound up. Fast forward to collecting our luggage in preparation for the airport, and again he said about tipping. We then took our",2
1830, March 2019,Fantastic location and value,"I loved my stay at RowNYC. The location cant be beat! It’s easy walking distance to so much of the city. The room was incredibly affordable for its location. The beds are super comfortable. While the bathroom is small, it was clean and had enough room for all of my makeup. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!",5
1831, February 2019,good hotel,"Easy to access location, right by the times square. There are many restaurants, Broadway musicals. The front counter staff was very friendly and helpful. When I visit NY next time, I'll chose this hotel.",4
1832, February 2019,Great Gem neat Times Square,"This hotel is a great value in the heart of Manhattan. The rooms are as advertised, and the bed are very comfortable. Parking is the ""New York normal"" $80/night, and the atmosphere is great. Walking distance to everything you need.",5
1833, February 2019,Moldy bathroom window,The staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The room was fairly clean but there was sticky stuff on the outside and inside of the bedside table drawer and VERY visible mold around the window in the bathroom. Our room was connected via a door to our neighbors and we could hear everything going on in their room. Even if they were not being particularly loud . If I could rate this a 3.5 I would.,3
1834, February 2019,Needed a good clean,"Stayed in Row NYC for 4 nights was really disappointment with our room as it needed hovered and dusted there was so much dust down the side of the bed and around the sides of the room, there was a bit of biscuit under the dresser when we arrived and it stayed there for 3 days. Can't understand why rooms aren't checked before guests arrive. The lifts where also dirty. On a good point the hotel is central",1
1835, February 2019,Don't go for it,"We are currently in the hotel, we spent 4 nights and we still have 3 more nights left. The location is very good but there are a few things I can't don't say. The hotel is very dirty in its common areas (elevators and corridors), by night, afternoons, mornings, always; at least at our floor. For sure, the worst thing are the elevators. For example tonight we spent 20 minutes to go up to our floor, it was a surreal situation: people screaming, children crying, queue at every floor and you can't even take the stairs because they are blocked. When you get in the hotel from the hall, you have the impression of a high hand hotel (also the prices gives you this impression) but as soon you stay here a couple of days you will change your mind. While I am writing this review I am in",2
1836, February 2019,Happy right services provided.,"I stayed at The Row for 2 nights it was a pleasure their service was on point.The housekeeping staff was amazing as well, Was tired after partying had the no disturb sign in the morning but was attended too in the evening upon request. It's my new favorite hotel anytime I'm in Manhattan.",5
1837, February 2019,"Good price and location, but misses the mark on hotel upkeep.","I used to love this hotel, and keep returning with the hope that maintenance issues are improved. Still disappointed and with the many hotel options in NYC, will go elsewhere when I am in NYC for business or pleasure.",2
1838, February 2019,Wont stay here again,"Stayed here for 4 nights and of February on our 4th visit to NYC but this time with the children. Not one to write bad reviews as I'm not miserable like most on this platform, but when I visit New York again I will be going back to the Amertiania. I'll give it the one for the location and the counter staff are friendly. The room was small, my shower at home is bigger than the bathroom. The room was cleaned once the whole time here, only towels were changes the other time. Quite dirty in the rooms and a lot of dust. Also, the tax per night is a rip off. They say you pay for wifi, gym and the water dispensers. Never once used the gym or the water. The wifi yes, but it costs more for 4 nights than I pay at home for the whole year! The hotel is good for location and that's about it.",1
1839, February 2019,"Superbly located, quiet hotel on Time Square","Quiet, clean and pleasant hotel with good facilities for breakfast and an afternoon drink. The rooms are moderately large, beds are comfortable and it is located next to theaters, museums and good restaurants in NYC. We stayed there for 3 nights this time, but we always choose this hotel when we visit NYC.",5
1840, February 2019,2019-02 NEW YORK TRIP,"Excellent experience every time we stayed at this hotel. We go back once again in Feb 2019 for New York Toy Fair this time, surely we had a good stay like always. The people at check-in counter were very friendly. They all tried to helped us to check-in promptly as there was a long line when we arrived. Nice promotional package we got from e-mail so breakfast was included at lobby cafe. Location is so convenient you can walk to many attractions by foot. Like this hotel. thanks!",5
1841, February 2019,Always a great stay,"We have stayed here several times over the last few years, and we love it. Great amenities throughout the hotel, including City Kitchen. The evenings usually have entertainment at District M. It's also very affordable.",5
1842, February 2019,Girly Holiday,Certainly not a luxury hotel more like a 2* bordering a 3*. Staff are rude and not helpful in the slightest. On our reservation confirmation it said 2pm check in was told it was at least 4pm before we could get in to our room! When checking in the said the needed a credit card to hold $200 incase we used there services wad not told this at all or it's $250 cash. The lady also tried to over change us for the hotel tax only staying 4 nights tried to charge us for 5 only rectified when challenged. When we got our room it was small and filthy. Would not go back to this hotel,2
1843, February 2019,Just ok!,The room size is so small and does not fit a family of 4 in at all. The room is noisy from the busy road outside all night. It was a great location and WiFi was good were my only positive XX I wouldn’t recommend unless you are a couple for those rooms,3
1844, February 2019,Family vacay to New York,"We visited NYC this half term (2019). We had a great holiday visiting all the sights. Hotel is a great location, situated just by 42nd street subway. The hotel is on a busy strip in the theatre district parallel to times square. Very noisy on an evening but it is NYC after all! Good central location to commute/walk top to bottom of Manhattan. Good basic 4* clean hotel with good location. Not a luxurious hotel and there lots of group / parties staying there.",4
1845, February 2019,Okayish Hotel,"The Hotel is so far okay, but not more. It kind of has a standard. What is really annoying are the elevators and its system. You see often big crowds waiting to get up. Heard a lot of complaints about it. Even waiting times up to 5 minutes have to be calculated in for 23 floors... Tip to Hotel management: Get this elevator system renewed/modernized.",3
1846, February 2019,5 star stay,"Back from a 4 night stay at the Row and after reading several bad reviews on the Hotels facebook page my sisters and I were slightly concerned about the stay we were going to have. We shouldnt have worried. Everything was great. The welcome by Junior on the front desk who checked us in, upgraded our rooms free of charge, reduced our facilities fees and gave us a late check out was amazing. The lifts that people seem to grumble about were easy and fast to use. Our rooms were spacious, clean and modern. Noise can be heard from the street below but this was not an issue for us. The bar in the hotel is clean and if you are lucky enough to hear some of the live music that is played there then you are in for a great night. Our suitcases were kept on the last day until we had to leave",5
1847, February 2019,Great hotel for price,"I was skeptical because of the bad reviews I saw online. However, my boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised. Excellent location. Excellent price. The room was on the smaller side but nothing to small. I loved the lobby bar and the kitchen they had on the main floor. WiFi was a little slow in the room but worked. Would definitely recommend.",4
1848, February 2019,Terrible place,"It took forever to have someone take our car, had to stay in car while someone went to the lobby which had only one person working despite the long line of people waiting to check in.... The room (deluxe as they advertise it) was terrible and so small we could not fit our luggage in. The heater made the room feel like an oven. Had to change to a two bed room to gain some space. The guy who checked me in was nice and helpful but it is not his fault management at this hotel sucks and change of shift is something customers pay for with inconvenience. It is also a shame that the ads for this hotel and all info provided to booking.com among other websites is hyped up and probably photoshopped rather than a true account of facts. Would not recommend that anyone stays at Row NYC.",1
1849, February 2019,great,"The experience was great. We loved the recepcionist. He is a great guy, his name is Junior. So caring and so atrencious, he was really quick, and he knows his stuff, the best experience ever. Thank you",5
1850, February 2019,I loved the Row.,"We all do it. We rush to trip advisor just before we book our hotels to see what sort of reviews they receive then, upon realising the inevitable that no hotel ever gets a perfect review, we try to pick through the good, bad and downright awful in an attempt to deem whether it’s worth investing our hard earned cash. I did exactly this with the Row Hotel. I booked in June last year so I’ve certainly had enough time stew in my own paranoia as I read a mixed bag of reviews where people raised such concerns as slow check-in waiting times, slow lifts, noisy heating appliances, small bathrooms, loud subways and cramped rooms. Travelling with my wife and nine year old son on our first visit to New York City I can only say I was apprehensive to say the least. Now we’ve just returned I’m",5
1851, February 2019,Wouldn’t stay again,"The hotel looking at it from the lobby looks great they charge your card at check in which we wasn’t told about but not their fault. The charge does seem high though but its new york nothings cheap. We got to our room and thats were you realise they must spend the budget on the lobby as it wasn’t the best very dated and used, the bathroom door is so badly warped it doesn’t close the bathroom is as big as the wardrobe and the bath was dirty when we got there. Multiple stains on the carpet and smear marks of god knows what on the walls and door frame to the bathroom. The bed is comfy but it took me 2 days to get non feather pillows due to bad allergy. The aircon/heating is like a jet engine being on in the room. Luckily we didn’t spend much time in the room so we just used it to",2
1852, February 2019,Awful hotel,"Extremely overpriced for what they offer. Rooms are too small, toilet cant even fit 2 people at once. No breakfast. Just a deli. Is this a hostel or a 4 stars hotel? Awful custumer service. Had a problem in my card, went to the reception to speak to the receptionist and he didn’t even look at me while I was talking and wouldn’t wait for me to stop talking, always interrupting me and being very rude. Thats not a 4 starts hotel. I’ve stayed in HOSTELS that are way better. Disappointing",1
1853, February 2019,ROW NYC is the Hotel for Me.,"I live in NJ and whenever my wife and I go into the city for a long weekend, we stay at ROW NYC, previously the Milford Plaza. Its not only convenient to just about everything but it's reasonably priced for the city. Stay here and you won't regret it.",5
1854, February 2019,Odor,"Room was stone cold when we entered. Turned on the heating and pretty soon, was middle of summer. Complained that no mechanism there to control temperature. Answer from reception: Open window or turn off heating. Noises and bad smell from outside made it unpalatable for us to take the former advise whereas the latter option made us shiver. Also, asthmatic guests are advised to stay away as dust in room might trigger . . . . .",1
1855, February 2019,The Row,The hotel was nice but the room location I had was horrible. I was near the elevator. I was unable to reach the front desk when I had questions ( the phone rung for several minutes) it took three tries to get through. The breakfast was nice. I only wish the croissant was heated.,3
1856, February 2019,Row Nyc ...friendly and garancy,"always you stay well at ROW, friendly, satefly, best accomodation, in the harth of Manathan if you want... you can eat, drink and stay well... also with the management, that later you find at MSG good ratio everywhere.....",5
1857, February 2019,Row nyc hotel New York,"Row nyc. Very nice hotel. Very efficient. Breakfast very basic. Fantastic location, walking distance to all major attractions,although i highly recommend the big bus hop on hop off service. Never pay the full price though. Haggle and they will give a better deal. ONLY DOWNSIDE OF HOTEL WES THE HEATING INSIDE WAS STIFFLING HOT.",4
1858, October 2018,City Break,"Stayed for 4 Nights with my Husband, the room was small but spotless and had all essential necessities. The location is perfect, walking distance to many sight seeing attractions! We ate in the City Kitchen on 1 of the evenings and the food was lovely. Also had drinks in District M which has a nice chilled out vibe and lovely cocktails. This is the perfect base for a quick city break as the location is very central and the price was right!",5
1859, February 2019,Don’t believe everything you read !,"We have just returned from 4 nights at the Row and can honestly say we were dreading what we were going to find after reading the reviews. On arriving we were told that they couldn’t accommodate our request for 2 rooms next to each ( despite email being sent weeks ago ) but in the scheme of things an inconvenience rather than a drama , we were given the opportunity to try and change the following day but didn’t want to waste the time . The rooms are small , very basic and this is by no means a luxury hotel as it is advertised as in some places but they are adequate for a short stay in NYC . I can’t only comment on what we found in the 2 rooms we had .....the bathroom was spotless had plenty of clean towels which were replaced daily , the water was hot and toiletries ok The",3
1860, January 2019,Definitely not what we expected - Would not recommend!,"Myself & two friends stayed at the Row NYC for 4 nights! The hotel lobby would give you a good impression by it's looks and busyness. However, the rooms are something to be desired! Our room type was superior. V small - not a lot of space to move around or place your personal belongings... but that wasn’t our main issue. The cleanliness & condition of our room was extremely off putting! Whilst having a glance around our room, we identified pubic hairs on the toilet seat, wrappers & sticky sweets on floor.. There was no evidence to show that housekeeping done a overall clean after the previous customers. Especially after being told to come back & check in properly near 4pm, as housekeeping had not yet been completed. We did make a complaint about the cleanliness of our room &",2
1861, February 2019,You get what you pay for- bloody sheets- poor management,"The saying you get what you pay for is true. Booked two stays before and after a cruise. First stay on feb 14- check in is supposed to be at 4pm- we arrived at 7pm to be told-sorry we are overbooked because an airline extended their room block and they have priorities- we have to downgrade your room type, but we will make up for it by waiving your 39 facility fee which is basically the charge for internet! The check on attendant was complaining a lousy her job and the lack of support from management the hole time- talk about a great guest experience! Second stay feb 22- arrive at 8am from a cruise and leave our luggage while we explore the city- come back at 5 get our keys and shower and settle in when we notice our comforter and sheets have blood stains- pretty nasty-guess",1
1862, February 2019,Very enjoyable stay,"Everything was excellent except the WiFi. Which I was disappointed with due to the fact the resort fee you pay for every night says HIGH SPEED wifi. It hardly worked in my room. Everything else was perfect. Beds, location, cleanliness, staff! Thank you",4
1863, February 2019,The Row,"Very good position close to amenities. Room was adequate but not big. The room was in need of some TLC (see photos). There was a view of some sort of roof top tanks and a sky scraper side on. My partner is an electrical engineer and was baffled by the heating which was so noisy it was disturbing. We were upgraded so can’t imagine what our original room would have been like ! Tiny bathroom but plenty of towels and toiletries provided. We were on the 22nd floor which was accessed via a lift. Receptionists were very helpful. Disabled access was good. We didn’t spend much time at the hotel so the fact it wasn’t great wasn’t a problem to us. The fact it was very central was the reason we chose The Row and that cannot be faulted. However, this is not a four star hotel in our opinion.",3
1864, February 2019,Not a 4 star,"Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in a delux city view room (2 double beds) the hotel is ok but us not a 4 star hotel. Lobby is small & clean, check in was fast enough we checked in early 2.45 & was ok but our room straight away, gets really busy in the evenings. Room was good size for nyc but u needed a good clean, clean bed & towels but everything else was not cleaned properly, everything is well used. Shower was ok but tap in the sink didn't work sometimes. Resort fee isn't worth it we only needed the Wi-Fi so resort fee is madness if u don't need any if the other facilities. We were on the 14th floor & the noise from outside was still bad would be worth requesting a higher floor or paying extra. The good thing about thus hotel is the location, tour bus stops on the main road",3
1865, February 2019,Massive hotel,The hotel is so big you can loose yourself. Mind you most of the hotels in New York are like this. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Staff when needed efficient. The hotel is in the times Square area and is local for most places on foot!!!,5
1866, February 2019,Amazing,"Great customer service, amazing hospitality by far the best all thanks to Gezennia she was fast taughtful, always smiling and willing to help and very professional Thank you can't wait to vist this hotel again",5
1867, February 2019,Hotel well located,"Hotel confortable & clean. Internet fast. check in & check out no problem. Good service. Hotel is not far from main interest points (Time square, Imperial state building, Broadway, fifth avenue, and many choices for restaurants, coffee...)",5
1868, February 2019,Great Location - Poor Hotel Room,"This hotel is in a fantastic location for sight seeing round NYC, its a block behind Times Square and within walking distance, if you're an enthusiastic walker, to nearly everything there is to see in NYC. The Hotel is happy for you to have deliveries of food made to the hotel, and will give you a call when it arrives for you to come down which was a great help on the nights we were too tired to go out. We walked on average 23,000 steps a day and managed to see everything we wanted during our 5 days in the City. The hotel is easy to find, and boasts a modern and generally clean decor inside, the rooms are cleaned each day by the maids and there is a bar and restaurant downstairs that we think, are owned by the hotel, we tried to visit the bar one night however it closed before",3
1869, February 2019,Great location,"Modern and clean, this hotel is in a great position for visiting the mid town sights and theatres. The room was adequate, but we didn’t spend much time there as we were always out and about. It was very busy and seems popular with large groups of students on school trips, but the hotel is so big there was no noise or disturbance.",4
1870, February 2019,Fantastic visit to NYC,"I was slightly worried about staying in this hotel after reading reviews on it before arriving however I was very impressed. The lobby is lovely, elevators are quick and easy to use. Security check everyone's key-cards before using the elevators between 6pm-6am. The room was spacious and the bed was very comfy. Bathroom was nice and modern. Maid cleaned the room everyday with clean towels. Simple but clean which is all is needed when in NYC. Location is fantastic. 5min walk into times square. From what I found, breakfast in and around the hotel is expensive however if you walk down 44th street to times square, cross the road and just next to 'VIRGILS' (you will see the sign), there is a Deli which is fantastic and cheap! You might also see a few celebs if you're lucky as it is",4
1871, February 2019,Not enough value for money paid.,Room was very small. Bathroom not thoroughly cleaned before we arrived - dust and dirt in the corners. Great location. Not enough value for the price we paid for Deluxe room with City View. Very expensive for package handling as well.,3
1872, February 2019,DO NOT BOTHER,"I'll get the one good point out the way first.... location was excellent, after that nothing positive to say. We were travelling as a group of six, a family of four and a couple. Booked two deluxe rooms in June 2018 only to be told 48 hrs before arrival they couldn't accommodate us so gave us 4 x single rooms instead, had to accept as no choice. On arrival at 9pm ish the queue was very long was very slow, not what you need when you've just travelled for 12 hours. (most of the time I was in reception it was the same) Our 4 x rooms were then spread over three different floors so not practical at all, the air conditioning was something from the 1970's as it was soooo loud you couldn't leave it on in the night as it was deafening, not that it was controllable anyway. I can honestly",1
1873, February 2019,The worst,Customer service front desk the entire front crew needs to go unprofessional at its worst I would never go to this hotel again very rude like they are doing me a favor charging your card left and right without my permission when you call for something you jumped from everyone extension not even an extra blanket been asking that for days please do not booked this hotel you can find better,2
1874, February 2019,Unimpressed,"Stayed here from 12 feb for 7 nights , to say that we where disappointed would be an understatement, so where do I start ? Firstly the size of a room we where meant to be in a family (superior room ) well holy god if that’s what they call family !!! Two so called double beds cramped in to a room, and yes I understand it’s New York and you don’t spend much time on it. But really not very practical when you have 2 kids aged 5 and 14 with you , another thing is the bloody air conditioning unit !!! Wtf it has a mind of its Owen !! On /off in the middle of the night ! So loud !!! And another thing the lifts we where placed in a room directly oppressed the lifts there very loud , and another thing is it me or is there a strong smell of weed in the hotel ?? Left our room 2 days",2
1875, February 2019,"Clean, excellent location - what more could you need","We stayed at the Row for 5 nights - I chose it because it was cheap, cheerful and smack bang in the middle of Time Square. The room was clean, the hotel was clean, the lifts had a really clever system so that you were never waiting more than a minute or so to get up or down (this is a big deal - you can end up waiting for too long for the lift in other hotels!). We didn't visit the bar or restaurant so I couldn't comment on those. We were really impressed with the room. It was plenty big enough for what we used it for (sleeping and getting changed!), it had a hair dryer, an iron and a FREE safe!! (I can't remember the last time I visited a hotel that didn't try to charge nightly for a safe!). It also had an ironing board and the wifi was included in the city tax in the room",4
1876, February 2019,4 day break,The hotel is in a great location. It is a busy hotel and can be a bit noisy. There is a a decent gym. The beds are comfortable. The hotel is reasonable value for money so all things considered 4 is a fair score.,4
1877, February 2019,"Location, location, location","I don't want to be overly harsh on the hotel because for what we needed and expected it was more than adequate but I know that some would expect more. First of all and the most positive thing about the hotel is the location, its next to the subway and only a couple blocks away from Times Square. The bar is nice and you can get a discount if you are a resident. Now for the not so positive, the rooms are small but then again it may be expected for a hotel in this location. Also, be aware of the $36 per night ""resort fee"", this gets you WiFi and water (a dispenser on each floor). Overall if you plan on spending your time out and about but need somewhere that's in the thick of it you won't go far wrong.",3
1878, February 2019,Great central hotel at a great price.,Our booking had some sort of mix up between the hotel and the travel agent. We arrived at a time when our travel agent was closed in our country in Ireland and the staff Yanella and Cesar were fantastic!! I was very upset arriving finding out there was a problem but the staff was so friendly and helpful sorting the whole situation that they made a bad situation good. Lamar the manager the next day also was very nice and sympathetic to the situation and made our stay a much nicer one and we could not recommend this hotel enough and will most definitely stay in this hotel again when we come back as it is so central!!,5
1879, February 2019,Good Value,The hotel is in a very good location near to Times Square. Good Value for money. The room is not huge but that is the norm in New York. The hotel staff we interacted in were very friendly and I would stay there again.,4
1880, February 2019,Overall a nice convenient place to stay.,We like staying there because the family has easy access to Time Square and other attractions with in short walk. This allows me to concentrate on the work I need to accomplish while in town. The only problem is the very loud noises that come from the heating source.,4
1881, February 2019,Honest review,"Booked the ROW NYC for my wife’s 30th birthday as a surprise for her. I Chose it based on locations, and the various photos they have on their website and Virgin Holidays website , with the lovely lobby and fresh stylish rooms . Arrived at 6pm after a long journey from the UK and check in was swift and easy and the guy checking us in was friendly , when we got up to our room on the 25th floor , I was immediately disappointed . The rooms are tatty , kind of dirty , and drab. * NOTHING LIKE THE PHOTOGRAPHS* even the blinds were covered in dirt. The bathroom door had something smeared on it. The bathroom had moldy yellow bits here and there, dirt under a makeshift vanity type thing. They really need a refurb , as it looks like the budget was all spent on the lobby area . You cannot",3
1882, February 2019,they cancelled our room because our flight was delayed even though we had paid for it,"I wasn't too impressed with Row NYC attitude to our delayed flight, we were due to arrive on 31st Jan however our flight was delayed which meant we arrived on 1st Feb, they had already cancelled our room. The managed to find us something (after all we had paid months in advance), no sleep very noising great view though - a brick wall. Very disappointing start to our holiday. We might try again sometime in the future, Row NYC is perfectly situated for Times Square. I wasn't too keen on seeing so many fast food processed eateries however I suppose it is NY, struggled to find something decent to eat within our short time scale. Managed a musical on Broadway, had to be done, Pretty Woman well worth it, great musical",2
1883, February 2019,February: Good rate good room,"Very central Hotel, within the theater area and Broadway. I was in february and the rate I got, I find good for the room with view. The check out is very good. You don't have to line up to deliver the key.",4
1884, February 2019,NYC 5 night stay,"Wow what an amazing place. Very busy hotel, large lobby area lots going on. Very easy check in process big shout out to Douglas thankyou realy helpful through out my stay, I stayed 5 nights in a superior city view room (stunning view) room was bigger than expected in NYC staying on the 16th floor, realfs good as you type in your floor number and takes you stight up. City kitchen a food court is located in the hotel has the best food and donuts and coffee and sit and look out at the hussle and bussle of the city streets. Hotel is located in the heart of the theatre district and round the corner from Times Square so many shops, pitza places, restaurants on your doorstep. John pitza restaurant was the best pitza in town, Juniors cheesecake again the best. For a first timer in NYC",5
1885, February 2019,Row NYC feb 2019,Clean room easy check in and out. Convenient location for the business I needed in midtown as well as restaurants and plays. the rooms are always clean. Towels are nice. Bed is comfortable and the mid size room is adequate.,5
1886, February 2019,NYC weekend trip,"When we first arrived for our stay we were greeted by staff member Gezennia C. who made us feel so welcome. We shared great conversation with her; and she made many helpful recommendations for things to do while we were in the city which made us excited for the stay. After checking in, we headed up to our standard room and soon realized upon arrival we shared conjoined doors with the room next door to us which did not bother us however the guests next door were arguing for quite a while and were very loud. We headed back downstairs to express our frustration and were once again greeted by Gezennia who went above and beyond to make our stay better. She made the extra effort to move our room and even upgraded us to a suite which obviously she did not need to do but we appreciated",5
1887, February 2019,Row nyc,Lamar was a great addition to your ream His experience and reputation will help your hotel achieve the highest level in excellence The front desk crew as great and helpful the housekeeping team was proficient. The security was sufficient,5
1888, February 2019,Great Location But Service Needs Work,"The Row NYC Is In A Great Location, Literally Right Around The Corner From Times Square & Walking Distance To The Theater District. The Hotel Itself Is Very Pretty, & Very Large, But I Do Believe They Are Either Short Staff Or Too Large To Function Properly. The Check In line Was Wrapped Around Waiting Area, We Waited 35 Mins. To Actually Check In, & Apparently There Are Self Check In Computers But No One Said Anything Nor Was There A Sign That States That. There Were 3 People Working The Desk But Only 1 Person Actually Working. if You Are Trying To get In Contact With The Front Desk, Forget About it, They Will Not Answer The Phone. It Took me An Hr & A Half To Speak To Someone That Can Actually Help With late Check Out. & Another 2 Hrs To Get A Tooth Brush Sent To The Room.",3
1889, February 2019,Unhelpful staff - not what I expected,when first arriving at the hotel it looks fabulous - reception and foyer area where lovely. The gentleman who checked us in wasn't the most helpful when it came to giving us information about the city/ hotel facilities. We where advised that we had been upgraded to to a 'twin double with a city view.' put it this way - if those beds where supposed to be doubles I'd hate to imagine what a single bed looked like - the city view i'm sure would have been lovely but the windows where that dirty you couldn't see a thing out of them. the room itself wasn't good - clearly not been deep cleaned in a long time - the wardrobe consisted of a curtain and the bath was only big enough to fit a toddler in there. However we where not intending on spending a lot of time there so it didn't,2
1890, September 2018,Wonderful stay,"We had a wonderful stay at this hotel! Very centrally located, very comfortable room with a nice view! Cannot fault the hotel at all :) We would stay there again one day!! Loved this hotel! Loved NYC!!!",5
1891, February 2019,Back home,"We use to came in this Hotel since 15 years! This time we have had e really best services from the manager of the Hotel! He up grade us inna amazing room, he gave us two tickets for breakfast! We really appreciate all these services! We really feel as home! Than now the hotel is really in best area to visit all the City. For us , we use to came business, is the top! Friendly and clean! Thanks guys see you then in September!",5
1892, February 2019,Dirty hotel in a perfect location,rooms were extremely dirty. bathroom had dirt and hair all over the floor and the tub. stains on the walls. corners full of dust. light switches sticky and black in crevices. cockroaches in the hallways.,2
1893, February 2019,No boutique no gem,Boutique meaning small but dumpy ? Then this is the place for you. We had to spend a night here as it was the only place in town ! Got a small decent room on the 8th floor which was ok but sounds travels like crazy in this hotel . Spend the whole night awake as there were weird people next door partying with the TV on full blast watching ball games ! Too scared to knock on their door or call the front desk ! Never again . Go at your own risk . Good luck,3
1894, February 2019,Perfectttt,"Had the best stay ever at Row NYC! We had a lovely spacious room on the 26th floor, an amazing view of New York and had a lovely comfy bed, clean room and amazing service by everyone that worked there. The hotel is in walking distance of Times Square and loads of other amazing places to visit whilst in NY. Will definitely 100% be back to New York at some point this year and we will be staying at Row NYC again. Brilliant holiday xxx",5
1895, February 2019,Great hotel,Easy to get to..close to everything. Just wish suites had king size beds. Stay here whenever we go to NYC. Pleasant staff at front desk. Helped make our stay for my wife's birthday even a better experience.,5
1896, January 2019,Very bad customer service,Good service is measured in extraordinary situation. When you give goid service because it’s written in the terms of the reservation it’s your duty but when you’re being sensitive to your customers in unexpected situations that’s a good service in you’ve been inconsiderate and very strict wheelchair I missed my reservation in 24 due to a flight cancellation caused by a storm. When I got to the hotel after a long night ar the airport and asked fir a room for just a few hours you refused even though I know for a fact the hotel wasn’t fully booked! But you sure didn’t forget to take a 100$ deposit from my credit card without my permission even though never checked in!,1
1897, February 2019,Love this place!!,"I absolutely love this place! No where I’d rather stay but here when I come to New York. The location is amazing—walking distance to everything and also has the City Kitchen connected with amazing food. The service is amazing. We had a few issues with our shower upon checking in; however, the lovely lady named Christina at the front desk was able to fix it and help accommodate us. The housekeeping staff is also extremely detailed and really takes their time in making your stay comfortable. Alison really took her time making sure that our bathroom was spotless!",4
1898, February 2019,Best we've had in New York price-wise,"Location is near theatres and Times Square. Good value for that reason alone. Room was clean; bed too soft for us. Corner room had great view for traffic/people watching. But, had radiator in bathroom which would have prevented anyone over 5'5"" from sitting comfortably. Then, again, tall person could reach towels over tub.",4
1899, February 2019,NYC the Row Experience on 8th Avenue,I found the staff very friendly and helpful especially while stranded due to inclement weather. I had forgotten my charger for my phone and a very kind custodian lent me his charger while he was on shift.,4
1900, February 2019,Family vacation,Had a absolutely amazing time at the row nyc from getting checked in too checking out our room was fantastic cleaned everyday the city kitchen food court was a blessing for breakfast for a start to our day loved every minute of our trip the location was great and just round the corner from everything we loved it view up 8th Avenue out of our bedroom was fab,5
1901, February 2019,Terrible,When booking the room online we were giving a price when it came out of the bank before our Stay it was more than oringal price so I called and they told me that was including everything I wouldn’t be charged anymore at the hotel. Once I got to the hotel a hold was placed on my card for 178 more dollars and I was told the the 100 was for damages and the 78 would be charged for room fees when I went to the front desk for check out the female working check in was the RUDEST lady I have ever dealt with and argued the entire time even once she got the manager she was still rude right in front of her and she didn’t even ask her to walk away the dog worst customer service I’ve ever experienced,2
1902, February 2019,Weekend plans,It was cold this weekend but hotel was in great location. Check in and check out was really quick and convenient. Rooms are small but if you are here just for sightseeing and partying okay. I had a great stay and would recommend this hotel.,4
1903, February 2019,Great location!,"Hotel is in an ideal location for Times Sq, the subway, Broadway and the Port Authority. Rooms are slightly dated and on the small side, but it’s NYC so expected. Good WiFi and pleasant staff who were helpful when I got parcels delivered. I asked for a kettle to be brought to my room and they had one with me within ten mins. Would definitely stay again.",4
1904, January 2019,Not 4*,"Room was ok, basic but just what you need really as you're out and about all day. bathroom extremely small. Located on Broadway so not too far all local sights etc. The hotel appears to have permanent residents living in certain parts of the hotel, never really caused any issues at all. Air conditioning unit was an absolute nightmare as it came on intermittently and was fixed over 4 times, very prompt service but never actually resolved situation, far too hot in the room despite it being -14 outside!! Only downside of NYC now is the really expensive city tax people pay now.. spoils the holiday really as it was over £50 for 3 nights!! Be careful..",3
1905, February 2019,Great location,"Row NYC is in a great location. The hotel is clean, quirky and staffed by mostly cheerful, helpful staff. The price is reasonable. I was there on a special so price was exceptional. There is a gym though I never had the opportunity to use it this trip. In the past I have enjoyed the space.",4
1906, February 2019,Best customer service,Christina S. is the best!!! She was super helpful and informative during my stay. The room was very nice and clean. In a good area of nyc. Good food and service at the hotel and the cafe upstairs is great.,5
1907, January 2019,Amazing experience,Great location. Great atmosphere. Staff were very friendly. The room was average size but did not take away from the experience. Will definitely recommend this hotel to everyone. Enjoyed events at District M as well.,5
1908, February 2019,Stayed here twice & never again,"Staff was rude, unhelpful, and unfriendly. Room was clean-ish, but overpriced. Do not recommend. They do have a lot of traffic in the lobby, which I assume means they have a lot of guests, but obviously they can't handle their high guest volume; just because a lot of people stay there doesn't mean that it's of good quality. Never again.",1
1909, January 2019,"Get visit to ROW NYC, we will be back!","Myself and my mam stayed in a superior twin room for 4 nights. Beds very comfortable. Only fault was the radiator/air conditioning unit would make such loud noises at night, at times waking us up. No kettle in the room also. Apart from that hotel was perfect. Close to absolutely everything!",4
1910, February 2019,Do Not Stay at this Hotel!,"Customer service was terrible! The staff were very nonchalant about the lack of their establishment having things that worked. Like they’re charging these resort fees, as if to say they offer more than there competitors but that wasn’t the case!",1
1911, January 2019,Great value for price,Wonderfully located weekend getaway! The value here was well noticed. Everything was clean and well kept. Has a very true to NYC feel and use of space. The staff was courteous and helpful. The location was perfect! Would definitely stay here again! We even had a great view from our bed! Everything was clean and well kept. Has a very true to NYC feel and use of space. The staff was courteous and helpful. The location was perfect! Would definitely stay here again! We even had a great view from our bed!,5
1912, February 2019,You Won't Be Disappointed,"We would highly recommend booking your next stay in NY at the Row NYC. The hotel is clean, comfortable and conveniently located. Check-in was quick, the room was available ahead of schedule, food at the bar/lounge was delicious and all staff members we encountered were helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. We had a very pleasant experience at the Row. You won't be disappointed.",5
1913, February 2019,Great Room for the money,"super clean room and bathroom, softest sheets ever, loved the whole elevator system very efficient. check in and check out was convenient thru email, i would definitely stay here again. Location was within walking distance of most broadway shows and many dining choices",5
1914, February 2019,Love. This. Place.,Row is awesome. The location is perfect— right by Hell’s Kitchen and Times Square. The subway is literally across the street. The staff is phenomenally nice. District M is cool and City Kitchen is the best food I’ve had in a hotel. Can’t wait to go back,5
1915, February 2019,NYC Stay,The location was perfect. The room was cozy and a great value. The staff was very friendly and caring. I did have an issue with the room key not working and Mariel at the front desk did everything she could to fix the situation quickly. Mariel is an asset to the hotel. Thank you!,4
1916, January 2019,Honeymoon,"1st time visit to America for our honeymoon. The hotel was a good location into the centre of where we wanted to go. When we went for a drink in the bar the man who was serving didn't really take notice of me, I asked for a glass off red wine and a coffee, he said ""which one"" in such a dull tone while talking to another couple happily and completely ignoring me. The wine was fine when we eventually got it but the cappuccino was scolding hot so had obviously burnt the milk. The most annoying thing was is that I had messaged in advance saying it was our honeymoon which is a very special time and it was our very 1st time to America and they replied straight away saying that they would take care off it. They did ask my needs and I put it in their hands and trusted them. When we",3
1917, January 2019,Great weekend,It’s all about the location. Great place to stay and close to Time square. Staff were sound and friendly. We upgraded to a city view and got the 27th floor looking towards the Hudson. Not sure that was worth it but was nice,5
1918, February 2019,Great central hotel,Stayed here for a week in February. Great hotel. Very centrally located + easy to walk to the many attractions of New York. Stayed on the 15th floor away from the lifts which was very quiet. Rooms not large but had 2 double beds + were cleaned daily. Food court was great with something for everyone. Especially the doughnuts! Easy to check in + left luggage was great to use on our last day. A very busy hotel 24/7. Would recommend.,5
1919, February 2019,"Smelly, Dirty & Darkh","The hotel is in a really great spot - close to all theatres, Times Square, public transport and a 30 minute walk to Central Park. The bedrooms were a reasonable size for Manhattan and the beds were comfy and the bathroom was small but functional. Towels were changed daily - but that was it! The decor and furniture is very ‘tired’ and badly in need of refurb. The beds were not clean under the sheets. The heating and fans are very noisy and blew air every two hours during the night which you could not control. The reception area, lifts and corridors are dark, smelly and creepy. Also some rooms are used for homeless people which I respect but did not expect - particularly at the rate of tax in this hotel. The location of this hotel has so much to offer - it just needs investment in",2
1920, February 2019,OK,"i have stayed in this hotel a few times before and i have notice the deterioration, the elevators are always dirty and the rooms are not pristine. Always happy with the staff and the way they respond. Need to improve the internet quality.",3
1921, February 2019,Disappointed,"Do a regular maintenance check prior to checking in guests. You should have somebody ready to receive calls from the room service. Wish you have a ready available bottled water in the room. The hallway of the room should have light source, its too dark, lighting. We could hardly see what is inside the walk way closet.",3
1922, February 2019,Turned Out OK in the End,"We arrived and tried to check in, only to be told our booking confirmation stating a twin standard room was really a double. This wasn't acceptable, a twin room in any hotel in the world means you have 2 beds in the room. After a quick call to our travel agent, this was sorted and the rather unhelpful first person we saw at check in was replaced by someone much more helpful. We eventually agreed to a double for the first night and a twin (upgraded) for the remaining 6 nights. They also agreed to only charge 4 nights not 7 for the facilities fee. For the rest of the stay, the room was clean and comfortable. Didn't eat or drink at the hotel, it was expensive. A short walk in to Hells Kitchen gave more variety and cheaper food and drink at the literally hundreds of establishments",4
1923, January 2019,ROW NYC,"I chose ROW NYC for the third time because it's very convenient for me as a theatre-goer. The hotel has its own style with a lot of things for the convenience of the guests (the internet access, the fitness facility,etc.).",4
1924, February 2019,Amazing,Had an amazing experience during my stay. The room was clean and had a good view. The staff were nice and helpful. I definitely would recommend this hotel. When I’m in the city I definitely will be staying in row hotel.,5
1925, February 2019,Desagradable sorpresa,"reservamos una semana por 900 euros y cuando llegamos pagamos 1400 euros con impuesto. desagradable sorpresa. Nada servicial, ni gracias, ni buenos días ni buenas noches. solo se dirigen a ti para que no te pares en el Hall porque consideran que no se puede obstaculizar un hall de 80 metros cuadrados. y pedirte la tarjeta cada vez que coges el ascensor. la habitación muy pequeño. Lo único está bien ubicado pero por lo que te dan encontrarás algo mejor. We booked a week for 900 euros and when we arrived we paid 1400 euros with tax. unpleasant surprise. Nothing helpful, thank you, good morning or good night. they only go to you so that you do not stop at the Hall because they consider that you can not hinder an 80 square meter hall. and ask you for the card every time you take",1
1926, January 2019,Good location,The location is top notch if you want to be close to Times Square and all the theaters.The hotel itself is very large and there are many people in the lobby all the time.The beds are very good and the room was nice.,4
1927, February 2019,A fantastic stay!,"After reading some pretty poor reviews prior to travel, it's safe to say we were a little apprehensive about staying at ROW NYC. I'm so pleased to say we had nothing at all to worry about! Rooms - We booked a double double and it was spacious, bright and really clean. Housekeeping tidied every day whilst we were out. We also had the most amazing city view! This was the biggest room I've ever stayed in in NYC, and the beds were so comfortable I wanted to bring mine home with me. The bathroom was small but clean, with plenty of hot water each day. Location - we could see the bright lights of Times Square from our room, just one avenue away from the hotel. You're in walking distance to all of the tourist attractions. On the street of the hotel there are bars and restaurants,",5
1928, February 2019,Situation,"The situation is it best value, almost in Times Square. Rooms are a little small, but comfortable. Wardrobe is simple, just to hang clothes, no shelves, but you have drawers in room you can use. Bathroom correct. And room it´s clean in general. Just heating was little high and when you try to low temperature you got cold, little complicated to reach a medium point. But i'ts a very nice place to stay, I will come back if I could",4
1929, February 2019,Visit to NYC,The Row is one my favorite hotels when I visit NYC. It is right on Times Square. Access to restaurants and night life. Plus it has the multiple food spots in the property. The only thing I don't like is the extremely small bathrooms.,4
1930, January 2019,Great location. Nothing else.,"Positives: - Location. 2min away from Times Square, could not be better for a city stay. Everything is close and easy to get to. No other positives. Negatives: - Rooms. Don’t get fooled by the OK looking lobby, the rooms are a total dump. Please see my pics. Horrible. What’s really bad is not just that everything is really old and needs renovations, but even when the work was done it seems it was done by a 5-year-old! (see example of that in one of the pics, see how badly silicone put around the bath, that’s definitely not done by someone who knows what they’re doing) … We travelled with friends, so it wasn’t just our room like that. - Temperature. We were there in January during a polar vortex, but we felt we’re in the middle of a Sahara Desert in July! Telling reception",1
1931, January 2019,Dirty room (2135) and room that was not fixed after problem was reported,Water between the plastic cover and the hard bottom of the shower. it was difficult and potentionally dangerous to take a shower. Was reported twice. was not fixed when we left after 6 days.The area below the desk was very dirty,2
1932, February 2019,"Great location, not so clean","The location of the hotel is excellent. Close to subway and bus stations. The rooms have enough space for a few days stay. The bed was comfortable. But the bathroom walls were not clean. The carped did not look clean either, so bring your flip flops.",4
1933, November 2018,Row NYC,"Check In - We arrived about 10pm and there was a que to be checked in there was only 3 staff on reception and there was about 10 different people waiting to check in. Whilst waiting for o check in you can here the band or singer that was performing in the hotel by the bar, which was quite loud whilst waiting and being tired doesn’t help. When it was eventually our time to get checked in the guy was very friendly and helpful in explaining everything about the hotel, I was told we would be to one side of the hotel on the 23rd floor, was unhappy about being opposite the lifts. The room was compact and the bathroom was more compact very tight with two people moving around in the room plus was there was air on. I know some who had stayed here before and they said it was amazing well",3
1934, January 2019,In the middle of Times Square.,Very Good situated In the middle of Times Square with activities allover day and night. check in advance bout taxes that can make it more expansive. High security and fast elevator. Very kind employees who takes care of you at the receptions desk.,3
1935, January 2019,Location,"Location is perfect. Close to Time Square and subway to anywhere you want to go. I believe I was not lucky with reception attendence at first. Room and bed was great. We choose queen size by extra charge. A friend stayed in a double bed room. It was not a very good experience. All too small for 3 people. But besides all, I think I would stay there again.",4
1936, December 2018,Honest Impartial Helpful Review from My Christmas stay,"First of all before I write my review , a couple things before i should mention that you will definitely want to think about. First of all, NYC is potentially the most iconic city in North America and possibly the world. This translates into massive massive amounts of tourists so if you you plan on looking for a vacation with young children, I strongly suggest waiting until they A) are older to walk at the same pace as you without holding hands as B) are able to appreciate and understand the history behind this city. It is very easy to lose sight of kids and it can be very difficult to get around with strollers etc. Also, finding a bathroom is almost impossible unless you plan on eating there or buying something. Which is essentially what my wife and I had to do when we were",4
1937, January 2019,Expect the unexpected,"I stayed here for 7 nights in January and never had a problem. Actually, I have been staying here since 1986; both as the Milford Plaza and as Row NYC. For this trip the desk clerk was outstanding, I had a very nice room with a view of the Hudson River, there is a bar area on the lobby level, and the hotel is attached to a food court. Location is outstanding, with 13 Broadway theatres within steps. I saw 11 shows and did not have to cross the street for 3 of them. The housekeepers were thorough and checked to ask if I needed anything further. I will stay here again.....and again.",5
1938, January 2019,Good (location) hotel,"The location of the hotel is excellent. There is nice white, clean linen, plenty of towels, soap and lotions. The size of the room is sufficient; the internet works. The carpet in the halls absorb noises. The only aspects that the hotel could have improved on: the carpet needed to be vacuumed and the repairs were visibly done by a non-professional. The elevators have a special system: one needs to type in the floor and wait for a letter to appear; that letter represents the elevator which will take you to the requested floor. If you do not understand the system, you risk to wait a long time!!! The lobby is huge and noisy (a bar is located on one side), the reception looks small and far away, so the whole picture is not cozy-looking. But it is a good hotel overall.",4
1939, February 2019,The worst customer service I have ever experienced mixed with a grubby room! Stay somewhere else!,"An honest review of this hotel.... if you want disgusting service, grubby accommodation and even worse management then this is the hotel for you. The other trip advisor reviews were very accurate when they describe the welcome you get when checking in... after a full day travelling late at night being told to “ wait whilst I finish what I’m doing “ was far from ideal. I was genuinely amazed at how rude we were spoken too... after checking in and having to ask how to get to the room ( don’t expect any help or directions, or come to think of it eye contact when checking in) we got to our room... what I will credit with is the creative imagery of the rooms... that photographer has some impressive skills to make rooms that have disgustingly dirty carpets and bathroom that had",1
1940, February 2019,Rude staff,"Arrived at the hotel late in the evening to be greeted by a unfriendly member of staff , who kept us waiting while he carried on doing something while talking to another member of staff like we were not there. Finally got checked in got into a dirty lift and then a small room with a grubby looking bathroom. Nothing like the pictures on the website but it was late so we just went to bed. Next morning went to speak to the concierge regarding passes and she just put her hand toward us and said hold on and then started a conversation with her colleague about losing weight , yet another rude member of staff No customer service when she did finally speak she was not at all helpful. As we only here for a couple day we just went out. When we got back toilet was leaking. Room not",1
1941, January 2019,NY trip of a Mexican couple.,"An amazing experience and excellent location. I couldn't believe that we were just a block from times Square, the city view, just the Air conditioner made noise when it started to work but we get used to.",5
1942, February 2019,Great Hotel for cheap price,"I stayed for 4 nights and it only costed 600 USD. The hotel has a really clean and well-equipped gym, and the room was big enough for two people with a nice city view. The hotel is right next to a subway entrance and it is so convenient to travel around. Not the fanciest nor prettiest hotel, but for 600USD, this is a VERY high quality stay.",5
1943, January 2019,Good stay in an excellent location!,"We arrived on 29 January to a very cold New York but a warm welcome at the Row. Staff were friendly and the we were impressed by the modern style of the foyer. Lifts worked perfect for us very fast. Our room was on the 10th floor and I was pleasantly surprised with the size. It was large with two double beds and plenty of wardrobe/suitcase space. The room was fine although it did require a bit of updating. The bathroom paintwork was a bit slap/dash and not as sleek as everywhere else. It was also a bit dusty. Saying that the room was serviced everyday when we were out, a great service for our 4 night stay. The beds were so comfy we had a great sleep, only issue was the noisy air con/heating unit in our room. The first night it was on and off, it was very noisy. Staff were",3
1944, February 2019,Worst Air Conditioning Unit I've ever experienced in Premium room,"Our air-conditioner made such a loud noise every time it turned on and off, that we had to unplug it completely at night time. The ""off"" switch on the thermostat also did not work, so I had to physically unplug the unit from the wall every night before we went to bed. After the Engineer came on the first night, he assured us that the problem is not specific to our room and that all the rooms in the hotel have this problem, as it is very old air conditioning units used in the hotel. I will attempt to upload a recording of the sound on Trip Advisor soon. My wife described the sound as a bag of corn that are being hit by a fan, every single time the air conditioner turned on or off. We had a Premium room, so I i don't want to know how bad the air conditioners are in the other",2
1945, February 2019,Will not stay here again,"Staff was not welcoming upon our arrival she seemed annoyed by our visit. Heater did not work on our first night and the second night the heater made a clanking and whistle sound all night, finally issue was resolved for the third night. The bed sheets were ripped. The sheets looked grey not pure white, looked dirty even tho they smelled clean. The space is too small for a family we were three we could barely sit comfortable on the toilet in such a small space. The only two compliments are the house keeping and the shower. How’s keeping ladies were very nice, they offered to clean our room when we stepped out the second day even if we were a bit late in the morning, they cleaned very well. The shower water pressure was great.",2
1946, January 2019,Good Location but average hotel.,Row NYC hotel is well located but overall facility are just satisfactory. Elevator is always crowded & congested. Room heater is not good. Rooms are cramp. Lobby area are minimalist decor & seems like 2 star hotel standard.,3
1947, January 2019,Crowded elevators,"Good, but the elevators were crowded all the time, we were at 17th floor, sometimes we waited for more then 10 minutes to go up. The unternet is pretty good, and the bar is cool too. A nice hotel to go with the family",4
1948, January 2019,New York bargain,"Three of us stayed in Row NYC on 8th Avenue, making it so convenient to Times Square. It has a small food court and bar with live music some nights. Staff are helpful and room was very clean but with two double beds it was very tight for space but it wouldn’t prevent me from staying there again. Usually hotel rooms are too warm but the temperature was just perfect during our stay. It was also great value for the triple room.",5
1949, February 2019,Girls night out,"Conveniently located by all theatres. Safe environment. Nice and clean. Breakfast was on if your want something on the run. Coffee was pricey, preferred Dunkin. Take advantage of the amenities they offer.",5
1950, February 2019,Horrendous service,I accidentally booked a night at the row online and I tried for a full week to get through. All they do is give you the run around and nobody EVER answers to phone at the front desk. The phone rings and rings and they pick up the phone and hang it up without answering. I can’t even cancel my booking. I think the way they run their business is pitiful and I’m sick of their BS. I will never stay there. EVER. Their business model has set them up for failure.,1
1951, January 2019,Great location,"Stayed here with my husband and our friends for my 50th , was a bit dubious about the place due to the reviews read on here , but don’t knw why we were worrying we were pleasantly surprised , junior upgraded us to a bigger room great view ,the room was adequate, we really only slept in there , it was cleaned every day , staff were very helpful , central location is fantastic , would definitely come here again and recommend to friends",5
1952, January 2019,Amazing services from hotel Associate Junior,"I had an amazing stay at the Row Hotel in New York City... Junior the Brazilian Concierge was so incredibly on spot & so professional on getting us tips on tickets and everything else, that made me & family feel welcome and cozy, really dealing with one the best human beings we ever encountered! Junior made our trip one of the bests of our lives... Thank you Row Hotel ! Congratulations on having such a top employee...",5
1953, February 2019,Quite possibly the best deal in NYC,"We stayed this past weekend at Row NYC and I couldn’t believe how great the location and rooms were compared with the price. After many visits to the city this might be the best price I’ve ever seen. We stayed in the penthouse with a connecting room. I was traveling with two teens and my dad, which means each needed some personal space. This set up worked great for us: living room kitchen/dining, two and a half bathrooms, and two bedrooms each with a king bed. The location was good. Just one block off Times Square. We walked to Times Square, Bryant Park, the Empire State Building, and Rockefeller Center from here. Also they have a food court with eight food places. I thought that was super convenient. Two things: I personally wouldn’t drink the water here and don’t park",5
1954, January 2019,Great lease to stay,Stayed for 5 days in January 19. The hotel is very clean and accommodating to all needs. Our room was a deluxe room. We had a good view on 22nd floor. The room was not the biggest hotel room I stayed in. But it was a great size for me and my 23 year old daughter. Rooms were cleaned daily. Large fiat screen tv on the wall. The only downside was there was not tea & coffee making facilities in the room. It was our first visit to New York. So I guess we thought it would be the same as the British hotels. But you can grab a coffee from 6.30am till late at the bar area. Also breakfast. Staff were fab in the food area. Very friendly and fun. Great security at the hotel at all times. Overall a great stay.,4
1955, January 2019,Great hotel right in the heart of NYC,"first time saying here and I will be back, it’s just were you need to be, right in the heart of the city only a few blocks from time square, 42nd street etc, I even walked to ground zero, just over an hours walk.",5
1956, January 2019,Giving this 5 stars because of Douglas!,"Giving this 5 stars because of Douglas! He was absolutely fabulous. Positives about stay: Douglas and his 5 star service. I work in hospitality myself so love seeing service served with a smile. Location - absolutely IDEAL... right on times sq General vibe - very cool and sort of 'W Hotel' esqe. Negatives: No exaggeration here, the world's WORST concierge lady I have ever ever come across. Unnatural blonde hair - SUPER unhelpful and came over to us and started the convo with ""Yeah, what do you want?"" simply AWFUL. She absolutely ruined the visit and my interaction with her was less than 5 minutes, which isn't great. Didn't know the answers to any of our questions and was just generally the most unfitting personality for a front facing role. Wish I got her name, but no name",5
1957, January 2019,Billed twice,"Firstly, there was no Wi-Fi during my stay. Hard to fathom this can be a problem at such a large hotel in the middle of Manhattan.I was not able to stay for the full time for which I had originally booked. I got charged the full room rate for the night I did not arrive (which I am happy to pay), but then I also got charged a no show fee which was almost the cost of a full night stay as well. Please can someone explain to me how that makes sense??Then when I checked out I received a hard copy bill with one amount of my bill outstanding, yet the online bill which they want to charge me is almost double. I have emailed and emailed, but no response to this problem.",2
1958, January 2019,Good stay,"Friendly and professional staff. Comfortable room.Needed more pure vegetarian options. WiFi in the roo. Was good, however WiFi elsewhere in the hotel (for example in the hotel lobbies) not satisfactory.Overall a good stay.",4
1959, January 2019,Almost great,"Excellent location and a great price in a clean hotel with a comfortable bed. That said, room needed updating, no coffee/tea maker, no fridge, noisy plumbing and heating, cold shower on two days. Want to love this hotel, staff were great, it was a little funky in all the right ways, and with just a bit of work it could easily earn more stars.",3
1960, January 2019,EXCELLENT Location and VERY Friendly front desk staff Junior,"Have stayed here thrice before, The last being in Jan 2019. Great location ! Front desk staff Junior was very nice to our group. We were there to celebrate a friends birthday. He upgraded us and gave us a fruit basket and water cartons. Will definitely return again!! GREAT JOB JUNIOR for always making us feel welcome !",5
1961, January 2019,Excellent all round,"My mum and I spent 3 nights here and loved it. The hotel is modern, clean and superbly located, though the rooms are so peaceful that you wouldn't think you are so close to Times Square. The staff are lovely and we got especially lucky with Junior who checked us in - he made us feel so welcome and special, something we didn't feel at other hotels on our trip. I loved that the hotel provides resuable water bottles and has water stations on some floors - money saving and eco-friendly. We didn't eat at the hotel but there are loads of places nearby and the subway is just around the corner. Would definitely return to this great hotel!",5
1962, January 2019,Satisfied guest,I was very satisfied withthe customer service and friendliness of thhe staff... also the room was prepared and cleaned... never had to wait long for house keeping in the mornings... loved the security aspect of the hotel..,5
1963, January 2019,Great for the Price,"For the price, as close as it is to Times Square, its hard to beat. The rooms are small but unless you're planning on spending much time in your room its not important to have a ton of room. If you're looking for a central place to stay in the heart of the tourist area for low cost then this does well. My main complaint was that when I arrived in my room the bathroom wasn't really that clean. Found a few hairs on toilet seat and in the shower. I was exhausted from long travel so I just went to bed and they cleaned it the next day. After that no issue with cleanliness. Staff did a great job. Overall, good spot and hard to beat for the price point its in.",4
1964, January 2019,Amazing NYC,"The ROW Hotel is very central to all of the main attractions in NY. We had a problem the first night but were upgraded for the rest of the holiday. The rooms are clean, beds very comfy and the view was amazing. Staff are attentive and can’t do enough for you. We were room only as there is so much choice nearby for food. Room with a view ! Time square was just round the corner as was Broadway. Book the show before you arrive but be aware of scammer sites. Make sure you have your ESTA number so you can check in your flight. Other than that, have good walking shoes !",4
1965, January 2019,Deceptive Pricing,Make sure you understand the true price of the room. Charging a separate and large ($34.00) facilities fee is deceptive. The one good thing was the food court which had reasonably priced food of good quality.,1
1966, January 2019,Trip to New York,"Good hotel central for all sightseeing. Would really have liked a kettle and mug for early morning coffee. Otherwise, was great for what we wanted for the few days we were there. Bar area was friendly and had a good atmosphere. Didn’t use any meal facilities so can’t comment on food",3
1967, February 2019,great stay at the row nyc,"Arrived with trepidation having read reviews... 1st room wasn't to my standards of clean but we were moved within minutes. Room was great, stay was excellent. If you're english bringteabags and a cup as they do give you a kettle if you ask! Thank you",4
1968, January 2019,Great place to stay In NYC,The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. Hotel is right in the theater district so it’s eady to get to your shows on time. Clean room. Hot water without waiting. My room even had two windows and the view was great.,5
1969, October 2018,"Great Location, Terrible Service","The hotel with no doubts has a great location, thus service is definitely not a priority given their location. Upon arrival I had a bad check-in experience - it seemed the manager was having a discussion with the employees (he was very rude, addressing one of the agents with a 'yo girl'); the check-in agent was doing my check-in without even looking at me in the eyes, still complaining about the manager with her colleagues, and let's not even talk of being polite or smiley while checking in. The process was slow and inefficient. Rooms are small (not surprised, it's NYC) and they A/C was on and it was freezing outside; in addition it is very noisy.",2
1970, January 2019,Fantastic Holiday,Me and my mum stayed here for 4 night's. Great location and we received brilliant service at the reception. Especially from a female not sure of her name. Perfect for what we wanted to do. Which was see as much of New York as possible.,4
1971, January 2019,Very dissatisfied,"We stayed at row based on the videos we saw. The location was great. It was overpriced for what we got. It was very dirty. We paid extra for a high floor. We arrived to our room and there were cigarettes, and cigarette butts in the room. Both windows were open also. The tub had mold in the corners and there was a black stain on the white comforter. We complained and they moved our room down 10 floors but still charged us for the high floor. The elevators were ridiculously slow. We took the stairs most of the time.",2
1972, February 2019,Check in with Shantelle,"Our flight was delayed by 5 hours as you can imagine we were all extremely tired and anxious to get to our beds, There was a problem with our original booking to which the professional, calm, willing and friendly Shantelle was able to fix in a matter of minutes! Hotel is ideal for a family stay and would recommend it for all the right reasons.",5
1973, January 2019,5 star rate,"Lovely hotel, very central, great staff. Especially shantelle. She was nothing but exceptional. Would recommend highly. Food and drinks expensive but on the plus side you have Wi-Fi all over the hotel (Rooms included)",5
1974, January 2019,Overnight stay in the city,Enjoyed this location from the moment of arrival until the moment of departure! Everyone was friendly and helpful. The staff went above and beyond. Clean and comfortable. Close to the typical NYC experiences if that is what you’re looking for.,5
1975, January 2019,Row NYC Hotel,"Check in line moved a bit slowly, but that must have been due to other guests' needs. Our check in went swiftly and easily. Hotel is in great location - right in the middle of everything theater district/Times Square without being right in the middle of everything. I was surprised how quiet our room was. Great price for a fun place to stay.",5
1976, January 2019,"Shabby, outdated and grubby","To say I was shocked on arrival at the hotel would be an understatement. I booked a twin room. The receptionist made a big song and dance about saying he would upgrade the room as long as I have him good feedback (actually they don’t do twins anymore so two double beds was the cheapest and only room to suit my booking). The first room I was given the bath was dirty and mouldy (see photo), the carpet was filthy, it was dusty and the drawer was dangerous (see photo). I went downstairs to complain and they moved my room. Whilst repacking the door opened and 3 people entered who had been given my room. I had been 5 mins max and had not returned the key yet. If I hadn’t been in there my stuff could have been taken. I went to the new room, it was better still Very dusty (remained so",2
1977, January 2019,Be Aware who stays here!,"There are lots of hotels in the Times Square area, I would look eleswhere. Complained to the general manager in writing about the homeless guests; still waiting for a response! The hotel was renovated in 2009 and it is well overdue another upgrade.",2
1978, January 2019,Reasonably priced/tiny/poor elevator service,"The rooms were relatively clean but very tiny...not much room to move around the beds and bathroom very small. Elevators were not all working so we had 20+ minutes waiting to each time. Convenient to Times Square, subway and 13 blocks to Penn Station.",3
1979, January 2019,Great location - shocking level of everything else makes that irrelevant,"Just don't stay here. Service is shocking, the hotel is a noisy tourbus haven. Staff could not care less and helping you not in their job description. Nooone replies or follows up with issues - not even the manager when you contact him direct as per his welcome email!!?? Had a leather knee high boot thrown away by the cleaner and zero reply from staff. Charged crazy amounts to bring three online deliveries up to my room. More than double what it cost to get it across the country?! Will literally find anyway to make an extra buck out of you. I ended up leaving a day early which they agreed not to charge me for and then did charge me after I left?! Just don't do it to yourself. Better options close by without the hassle factor",1
1980, January 2019,"Hotel great, valet a nightmare","Hotel experience was 10/10, but valet took almost 2 hours to bring the car after checkout. Completely unacceptable. We only had limited time to spend in NYC, short weekend trip. Set the whole day back. Demanded a refund but not sure if will receive.",4
1981, January 2019,Great location but small room,I loved the location of this hotel. The room was small and not as clean as I would prefer (bed sheets were not clean) but overall still worth the cost. The elevator was a little hard to navigate but it did get the job done.,4
1982, January 2019,Averagely Average,"A mixed bag. We had one of the larger rooms with a city view. The good bits, bed and pillows comfy. Lifts fast and have to show pass at night. Has a travelodge / budget feel about it. Heater in room very efficient great location for theatre district and subway at 42nd street. Water machine on level not working, had to ask for shampoo twice. Room quite clean but found a pair of socks in drawer. Room key needed reprogramming a couple of times but probably our fault as stored it close to mobile phone. District m expensive. Would we stay again, probably not rather pay more.",3
1983, January 2019,A vibrant place for a younger crowd,"I liked the location - very centric and close to everything I needed. The service what excellent except during the check in where i was advised to await a call to be advised that the room was vacant and clean - the call never came> from there one forward all was fantastic. food, service ambiance",5
1984, January 2019,Check in disaster,To arrive at a hotel after a 7 and half hour flight from Ireland to be told they have no rooms and are transferring to another hotel. Eventually having 4 children in our party they gave us rooms. Having 2 rooms booked they could offer us one room and the other to be ready later in the evening. The one room we did get the safe wasnt working and we had to await an engineer to have a look. With a party of 2 adults and 4 children we wanted to be able to leave passports and cash in the safe for our own safety walking around.,3
1985, January 2019,first time here,The hotel is in the theater district and within walking distance of many theaters and restaurants. Bed and pillows was very comfortable. Nice continental breakfast. Only complaint was the bathtub had some mold on the edges.,4
1986, January 2019,Business/ pleasure,This is the fifth time I have stayed at The Row NYC. Rooms are always clean and the staff is very friendly. Breakfast downstairs is way above average and having city kitchen attached to the hotel is also a great option for lunch and dinner. This hotel is so conveniently located to time is it a square and has a subway stop right across the street. I’ve always considered this hotel to be a great value as well. If you ask for the higher floors it is a lot quieter and with better views. The elevators are super fast which is great for moving people quickly when many people are trying to return to the hotel in the evening. I like the security of having to show your room key in the evening to get onto the elevators. I asked for late check out and they gave me an hour later!,5
1987, January 2019,Comfortable and excellent location,I stayed at the Row for the NRF convention and it happened to be a nice and comfortable hotel very well located at a couple of blocks from Times Squares. Don't expect big rooms in NYC at a good price but at least mine was comfortable and affordable. Something worth to mention was the extremely poor water pressure in the shower.,3
1988, January 2019,Front Desk needs to be more Friendly,"First time in many visits the Front desk was rude and gave us the wrong room. When we went back and told the guy, he acted like we were the ones that went to the wrong room instead of owning his error. They promised us a Macy's gift card and never gave it to us. Last visit for us.",3
1989, January 2019,Parking Service,The parking service which they was offering you was terrible. The people at the front desk was telling me that it need 15-20min to get my car back. I was waiting for 1h20min and missed my flight in addition of their delay.They still charged me 70USD and told me that's not their problem.That's for me unacceptable why would anybody pay for a service like this.,1
1990, January 2019,Not As Advertised,"Don't get back to the hotel after 11.30pm expecting a nightcap in the bar ~ not going to happen. Bar shut, even for residents. Don't expect a lunchtime drink either. Bar shut with surly staff cleaning after breakfast. Eight lifts, but seem to be allocated to certain floors ~ waited 15 mins for a lift one morning ~ quicker and easier to walk down 17 flights. Definitely will not be returning.",3
1991, January 2019,Dirty Rooms,"We paid about $400 for 3 nights. This seemed like a good deal compared to other hotels in the area, however we were gravely disappointed upon arrival. Dirty rooms, dirty floors, very uncomfortable. I wouldn’t stay here again and wouldn’t recommend it. Chance a different cheap hotel.",2
1992, January 2019,Would not reccomend,Staff unhelpful when trying to resolve issues with room. Cockroach lying dead in bathroom on arrival. Superior rooms are actually rooms for disabled. Location very good. Overall not a pleasent stay and would not stay here again,1
1993, January 2019,Awesome Location + Bang For Your Buck,"Located steps from Times Square and the subway, one of the best values in the city. Rooms are small but they all are small in NYC. Clean and well kept though. Hotel is one of the best values in NYC. Nothing fancy but the hotel has a trendy feel.",4
1994, January 2019,AWFUL EXPERIENCE,"My stay at Row NYC over the weekend was very disappointing. The room was not at all like it was pictured online. Not only was it very small and claustrophobic, but it was dirty and did not function well. When we turned on the blow dryer (provided in the room) it blew a fuse and we were in complete darkness. We had to then wait for someone to come fix it and as a result we were late for our dinner reservation with clients. On top of that there was mold in the bath room, the room was dirty, and not well maintained. We were told when checking in that we were getting a room with one of the best views... that was sadly disappointing, as there was no view at all. The hallways were filled with marijauna smoke, most people were just smoking in the open.... I thought it was a non-smoking",1
1995, January 2019,Very satissfied,"Staff are so ever friendly and very accomodating. Room is always kept cleana and in order. Bed is comfortable. The area itself is so accessable ,( subway and city). There are a lot of restaurants around. Excellent choice.",5
1996, January 2019,Several hidden fees and dirty room,"Several issues. Room had last guests hair EVERYWHERE! On the bed, on the desk, on the shower curtain. Just gross! Bed was ridiculously hard and uncomfortable. Booked room on their site and prepaid. Was surprised with fees DOUBLE the rate I agreed to upon checkout. Very deceiving. After paying double the hotel was definitely not worth the price. Very disappointed with this property and will never stay there again.",2
1997, January 2019,Great value and location,This is a very well run property with excellent staff. All furnishings and fixtures are new and clean. The food outlets in the building are great and the location is excellent for the value. I have stayed at the property 4 times and have been pleased each time.,5
1998, January 2019,Great stay at Row,"I had a great stay at Row NYC. Great location plus nice employees. First I was going to stay for 10 days, then I decided do extend for 15 days. Marcelo from the reception is one of a kind. The infrastructure is also very nice.",5
1999, October 2018,Holiday in the USA,"This hotel is very central, we were room only, although you can buy breakfast in the hotel. However there is no shortage of places to eat nearby. The room was small, but clean, some of the décor tired, there is a well stocked and quit lively bar. This is a budget hotel. Hotels in New York tend to be more expensive than the UK, this hotel is alright for a quick visit. No frills.",3
2000, January 2019,"Think twice,hind sight is 20/20!","Overpriced, super small, valet is a rip-off. Was told it would be $70. Turned out to be $85 PER day. Location is good! Will never stay here again. Came here for major gymnastics event. We won't make this mistake again.",2
2001, January 2019,Hip stay in the heart of Times Square,"Row NYC is exactly what you need and nothing you don’t. Nothing extravagant, just a hip and environmentally friendly place to stay while visiting NYC. Plenty to eat and experience right in the hotel, and tons more right outside the door.",5
2002, January 2019,Shocking,"* Booked a twin but was given a double. * We asked for a fridge but was refused. * The room was tiny, the space between the end of bed and the wall was about 50cm. * The lady who served as was not pleasant, got the feeling that she really didn't want to be there. * We were charged $34/night on top of the room rental, they labelled it as ""Facilities Fee"", why not add this to the room price in the first place. Obviously, they wouldn't as it would show the room as more expensive so customers will not book. In other words its way to scam people. Summery: There are so many other hotels in NYC that would provide much better value and experience for the money you give to ROW NYC Hotel. Therefore, I will not recommend you booking this hotel.",1
2003, January 2019,Anniversary in NY.,Overall a good bargain and experience at Row NYC. Great location. Great staff. Great “ conceptual” elevator system WHEN IT WORKED. Maybe just dumb luck when it came to this but they were down twice in my 3 day stay. Nice hotel for being so old. I would stay again.,4
2004, January 2019,Very nice stay,"the Hotel is great , got to meet Junior and Marcelo at front Desk , Excellent service!!! I will definitely recommend Rooms were cleaned everyday , friendly housekeeping staff. in lobby there are some restaurants that give 10 percent discount!",5
2005, January 2019,HORRENDOUS,"Just arrived today. Charged a ridiculous admin fee of 250 dollars above what we’d already paid for the hotel. Fuming at that, but continued. Got to the room, you couldn’t swing a cat in it. Tiny, dirty, about 4 hangers in “wardrobe area” - and this is meant to be a double room. I’m 6”7 and can’t even fit in the bed. The bathroom is basically a cubicle. We’ve got 5 nights of this left. Comes to something when we’re counting down the days on day one to go back to England!",1
2006, January 2019,The Best!,"The staff, such as Robert, front desk, exceptional, authentic person with a wonderful work ethic. Service and rooms are excellent. I use the deluxe city view ADA rooms most of the time, but all of the rooms are wonderful.",5
2007, January 2019,No Go to Row!!,"A literal 3 ring circus. Absolutely filthy, unkept, & way over- priced for the quality of the rooms. Peeling, chipped, moldy paint & fixtures. Bathroom was smaller than you would find in a travel trailer. Mold on shower curtain, rust on fixtures. When we used the hair dryer, the power went out! No fridge, no room service, no frills of any sort. They even used old Target shopping bags as trash can liners! Down in what they call the cocktail lounge, you need your room key to access the ladies room. Needless to say, we left & checked into a new hotel the next morning.",1
2008, January 2019,"Clean, Comfortable and Pleasant Staffed as Always","Excellent, I work two theaters down 45th street.... When working long hours, the staff is receptive, and rooms clean and comfortable and much better than commuting home. I've always been grateful and satisfied",5
2009, December 2018,"Junior, Junior, Junior - the reason why we always come back","Every time I am in New York, the Row NYC is always my choice. Great location, rooms and most importantly great staff. I want to mention Junior in particular for his amazing service, problem solving skills and charisma, he is extremely helpful and always wants to make sure we get the best treatment. Definitely the reason why we always come back to the same hotel for more than 3 years in a row (no pun intended).",5
2010, January 2019,"Unfriendly reception,no security room noisy and dirty no WiFi out of date decors","Too many outsiders coming in and out the hotel freely - no security. Room - noisy with mechanical problems,shower nit functioning properly,,elevators unsafe, the whole hotel gives me horrible u safe feeling during my expensive stay for 5 days a bill of £800 ! Not worth the value at all!",2
2011, January 2019,Room is the size of a standard walk in closet. Harry Potter has more space under the stairs,Make room bigger as well as bathroom. He dresser and bed leave no room to get in between. If you are taller than 5’8 the bed is not long enough for you. if you are bigger than a petite size 4 the you can get in between the dresser and bed without having to crawl over the bed and the radiator is so LOUD. Kept me and my boyfriend up all night because it is literally an arm and half length from the bed and it makes clanking noises all night,1
2012, January 2019,Stay somewhere else,"Nothing special at all. Staff spoke in different languages when booking us in which i find ignorant.I had been billed for a superior room and it was anything but superior. Dirty room,draft coming from window,beds terrible,paper thin walls could hear everything from next room and staff were not helpful at all. Also when walking from my room to the elevators the smell of marijuana coming from the room which the door was open. I understand that staff can not do anything about this initially but a member of staff walked past and done nothing about it. Also on one night there was multiple police officers in the lobby because of an incident that evening.I would not recommend this hotel at all. I found it extremely difficult to enjoy my first time in new york i had been traveling for",1
2013, January 2019,Excellent,we Stayed at the Row for 7 days last week. We were on the 24th floor in a double room at the front well all ican say is WOW. warm spotless and amazing staff. The hotel is in a brilliant location for Times Square and everything you could need including the tube station up the street. Thank you so much to the amazing Douglas on reception what a guy. Also to all the other brilliant staff. The food in the hotel is lovely and also the magnificent band. You all made our holiday AMAZING. Thank you All 🙏,5
2014, January 2019,Very Good,"Much Like the hotel, very well located. the rooms and service very well, al the restaurant excellent. They should improve the internet service. very good room, very attentive staff service. Excellent Service Security",4
2015, January 2019,avoid this hotel is possible,"this hotel is the bare minimal. it offers close to nothing for the same price of other nearby hotels that offer a lot more. i would only recommend this hotel if it's last minute booking and you just need a place to lay your head or you're a minimalist and just need a bed to satisfy your stay. they do not offer room service, dinning options after 11pm, no blow dryers in the room, rooms are extremely small and outdated. Bathroom was falling a part.",2
2016, January 2019,2nd time round,"We first visited Row Nyc March 2017 and had an amazing time. Second time we decided to come back and again it was a wonderful stay. We arrived early and Parizada at the reception kindly gave us an early check in which enabled us to head towards Times Square immediately. The only thing Id like to advise the future guests is about the Woodbury common premium outlet experience which is fully advertised outside the hotel. The tickets cost $40 per person and you have the rudest staff members selling you the tickets outside. However, looking at tripadvisor i found The Mills at Jersey Garden as another outlet option owned by the same people. The tickets cost $14 per person for a round trip from the Port Authority which is a 2minute walk from the hotel and you dont even have a set time",5
2017, January 2019,Row NYC,"Location is great for Times Square and centrally located, room was not fit for a family and the corridors dark and dingy. The reception was OK, lots of issues with electronic key cards, but we did not experience one.",3
2018, January 2019,Very Happy,"Perfect location for broadway, hop on hop off bus tours & Times Square with so many locations in walking distance. When checking in Douglas was so kind and welcoming considering how rude people have been in New York we were so pleased by this. Love the food options in the hotel, the ramen is delicious. Rooms were smaller then we thought but we only sleep there so doesn’t matter at all. Couldn’t of chosen a better hotel and the system of elevators works well. Good price and is worth the stay!",4
2019, January 2019,Always a great stay,"I visit the city about four times a year, always use the Row. The price is usually right, not far from where the bus drops off, room is always ready and tidy, all-around always a great stay, looking forward to my next visit!",5
2020, January 2019,Central location NYC,"great location to start each day from, close to Times Square, Broadway and lots of bars & Restaurants. clean and tidy with friendly staff. the double bed was quite small this time - when we have stayed here previously it was as a family and had 2 large beds.",4
2021, January 2019,Amazing location,"Check in nice and simple, very spacious reception area, the corridors are very dark, the room was quite small compared to looking at the pictures on the internet, the bed also small but comfortable, overall the room was clean although the bathroom could have had a bit more elbow grease put into it. Iron and ironing boards plus hair dryer supplied, free internet but no tea making facilities. There is an area above the bar that has several different places to eat so a wide choice to suit most people, prices were quite reasonable but then you have to pay tax on top. We also didn't realise that you are charged a services charge plus tax and some other addition so we had a bill of $130 taken from our card when we left. Hotel location however is amazing, there are a number of bars",3
2022, January 2019,Great place to stay for going to see Broadway shows!,"The guest services personnel are all wonderful. Nolly, who checked us in, is at the top! Our room was clean, spacious, and with a wonderful view. The nice breakfast was included in our package ~ definitely worth it! This location is great for its close proximiity to Broadway shows and good restaurants. The subway is next door for further away attractions. We will stay here again!",5
2023, January 2019,"Nice hotel, with some detractors","Rooms are nice and overall clean, but equipment is worn out and plumbing smells permeate now and then through the hallways. The bathroom is spotless, but the bureaus and desk didn't seem so.The facility fee is too high. Having internet is great, as is the gym, but they're not extraordinary services to qualify a price that hikes up your overall value. (Plus, the gym is too small and has a short ceiling)",3
2024, January 2019,Dissapointed that items were stolen by a staffmember from a bag I forgot in the bar,Like already mentioned I am very dissapointed that items have been removed from a bag I forgot on the 15th of January at the bar. The staff put it away safely that evening and did see 3 items in the bag. The next morning 2 items were missing from the bag although the bag was behind the bar and out of sight from any guest.,4
2025, January 2019,"Location, Location, Location","Fantastic theater district location. Room rate was excellent. Staff is friendly and hard working. Facility is old, but functional and clean. The continental breakfast included in our room rate was wonderful and the District M staff (where breakfast was held ) is great.",3
2026, January 2019,Jan vacation,This was our 2nd time staying at the ROW it is a great hotel and perfectly situated just of times square on 8th AvenueThe staff are very polite and welcoming especially christina s on front desk.The hotel rooms are spacious and cleaned every day by the maids who were excellent.,5
2027, January 2019,Great value friendly staff,"The room was very comfortable The staff very helpful and polite I love the convenient location. I do wish there was a free breakfast, the use of computers is great and a primo. The hotel is close to the theaters we will stay again",5
2028, January 2019,Home away from Home,This is my 10 tenth time staying at Row. I always feel welcome and very safe during my stay. I love everything about the hotel. The price is great as well as the location. I plan to visit at least once a year and Row will always be my NYC vacation home.,5
2029, January 2019,Awful !,"Do not , repeat , do not stay here. They lie about the rate and package deals , they do not rectify. Rooms are gross..carpet has stains all over , bathroom has mold on ceiling , hairs in tub...rooms are the size of a shoe box, staff are all rude. The elevators are absurd , they are dangerously small, to fit all the people trying to get it, if you miss and elevator, you will he waiting 10-15 for the next one to get you.",2
2030, January 2019,Best mom and daughter tradition ever,"Had an awesome stay, been conning here for 5 years, mom and daughter for her bday wkend...they upgraded is to an amazing suite! Absolutely gorgeous suite, clean, modem, amazing views!! Convenient perfect location!!",5
2031, January 2019,Poor Room Service,Housekeeping did not make our room one evening and the beds were of poor quality. Rooms are extremely compact. During our stay we noticed people who were not hotel guests roaming around and this made us feel rather uncomfortable.,2
2032, January 2019,Great hotel !,The location of the hotel is excellent.The room was very clean and the staff are also very kind. I would recommend this hotel who plan to visit New York City as the hotel rooms are priced at very reasonable rate too.,5
2033, February 2018,Great stay,"A Gorgeous lobby invites you in. Amenities: There is a little shop inside for sweets/snacks/drinks and other travel items. There are PC's you can use to print off trip tickets free of charge. There is a place you can store your luggage if you need too guarded by a doorman. Theres a water fountain too fill up the free water bottle the hotel gives you. Staff: Were very helpful and friendly. Food: There is a restaurant/cafe on site but we did not use it. Rooms: Were small by modern, we were out all day and most of the night so it worked for us. The rooms were warm and you could control the temperature. However the heater was very loud and disturbed our sleep. We had a nice big window with a view of the street below so it was very loud at night with car horns and traffic (but it",4
2034, January 2019,First trip to new york,Was worried about staying here after reading some reviews on trip advisor. However i needed not worry. Staff at check in were v friendly. Rooms were basic but cleaned everyday. This place is in a fantastic location in new york. We had a great time here and would defo come back. Also i see a lot of people complaining about the lifts. These are only complicated if your an idiot. Kind regards James higgins,4
2035, January 2019,Reception desk staff = 😖,"They do not know how to talk with customers at all. Overweening ... no responsable at all about hotel problem. Never look in your eyes... not one person, 4 receptionist.... other hotels staff around much much better",1
2036, January 2019,Not going back to the row,"Breakfast/bar area not clear on the times opened, crowded but back room not opened to sit. Told that last call was already issued, ten minutes later, we heard the bartender state ""last call"", not sure what that was about.",3
2037, January 2019,3rd year running staying here,"Just got back from another great week in NYC, I have stayed in the Row everything I have been. The staff were always great, any questions I had they answered. Hotel rooms are small but that didn't bother me because I only used the toon to sleep in. The rooms are very clean and well maintained. There's live entertainment every night in the bar which was great to chill and gave a few drinks after a long day exploring. Hotel is very close to times square and Broadway (5 minute walk) I'm already looking again for my next trip and I will be staying here again. Well recommended.",5
2038, January 2019,Row NYC,"I stayed here for a week. The front desk was not friendly, the doorman was helpful, breakfast was not worth paying for, and city kitchen didn't have enough options. I only liked the location of this hotel. I could walk everywhere. I wish the room and closet were large enough to accommodate a week long business trip.",3
2039, December 2018,Good location-bad policies,"This hotel is in a good location. The people working there were also quite nice. My room, while small,. was clean and quiet. The bar is nice and the location next to the city kitchen was a plus. What I did not like was the fact that I had to pay a very large facility fee-far beyond the cost of internet and fees charged by other hotels. This seems to me to exploitative of the guests and makes the room prices shown on web sites somewhat deceptive Also, while I was there the computer system broke down and many guest had to wait extended periods of time for their room",2
2040, January 2019,Great location. Great staff,Always friendly and professional staff. Very comfortable atmosphere. Added feature is the in- house Kitchen food court. Lobby bar great for meeting friends. Staff ready to meet all needs such as guides to tourist atractions and shopping.,5
2041, January 2019,Row NYC the place to stay,"A great hotel that I will recommend to all of my friends. Best place to stay in New York. The center of everything. Great beds excellent service, beautiful view. Would love to bring my grand children to stay here. Very caring staff. Best service ever.",5
2042, January 2019,row nyc,"good location but cleanliness of the hotel was not what i was expecting and very basic, would have liked more from the room. no breakFAST OR room service options and didn't provide water bottle or mini bar in the room.",2
2043, December 2018,Great Christmas Stay,"I enjoyed the service, cleanliness of the rooms and security and the perfect location to walk to food, time square, movies and bowling. The lobby was decorated beautifully for Christmas and I loved the Sugar Factory being onsite. I love it.",5
2044, January 2019,January 2019 Stay,"Took advantage of their winter rate.Had a city view, upgraded room. Free breakfast and friendly staff. Love their elevators that are dedicated to your floor and overall it was a great stay, as usual.",5
2045, January 2019,Don’t stay here!,"Where to begin? The first room we were put in was absolutely the worst room I have ever stayed in bar none. (Including hostels) It was tiny, the bed was tiny, the room was tiny and the bathroom was like a closet. The room was also next to the elevators and the sound was constant. All night!!!! (We forgot to take pics of this room as we were so disappointed we just wanted to get out of there)Thankfully we managed to upgrade to a “suite” for the remaining 4 nights or we would have left the hotel. It was that bad!The suite was better space wise but still our stay wasn’t great. The bathroom had peeling ceiling, mould and dirty tiles. The living room sofa was grotty, the air conditioning cover was off the unit and the surround for the tv was falling apart.Day 1 in the suite we had",1
2046, January 2019,Disappointed,"Myself and my boyfriend checked into this hotel for 9 nights, when we first arrived we thought it was lovely (the bar, computers, the lounge etc) We then went to check in and the lady who took care of our reservation was lovely, she randomly offered us a complimentary upgrade, we were delighted! When we went to our room we were shocked, if this was the upgrade I wouldn’t like to see a standard room, I think reception just says it to make it sound better but it definitely wasn’t and upgrade! We knew the rooms were going to be small as we were informed by friends that had stayed previously but we weren’t expecting the rooms to be so run down and dirty! -All around the carpet was so dirty and looked like it had never been hoovered! -Along the headboard of our bed was so dusty",3
2047, January 2019,"Fantastic location, rundown hotel","We stayed here last weekend when we went to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child because the hotel is only a block away from the theater. Pros: great location, good price, yummy City Hall good kitchen, efficient elevator system. Cons: rooms are run down and not clean. We reserved a king bed on a high floor and when we checked in the room reeked of smoke, the blinds were broken, and the tub was dirty. We opened the windows to air the room out and called the front desk. They said housekeeping while clean the room while we were out. When we came back a few hours later the room was exactly the same only now it was late and we were tired. I called again and they moved us to a different room, in the same corner but a few floors lower. The manager said we were lucky because this was a",2
2048, January 2019,Terrible experiences,"The service was terrible, i never come back. I paid the upgrade, the room is the same and the cleaning of the room was horrible. Nobody answer the phone after 6:00 pm. The security Guys were very rude.",1
2049, January 2019,Great Experience,"This is my fourth or fifth stay at Row NYC. As always, my latest stay was uneventful (that's GOOD!) and very comfortable. The room was clean and comfortable. The only complaint I have is the water pressure, especially the hot water pressure. It is very weak. This is not a new issue. It seems to be a regular situation. To me this is a minor problem but for some it might be more important.",5
2050, November 2018,Central,"Nice central hotel, I paid bill on check out and teller said all was in order with the bill. But when I arrived home to Ireland another charge was taken from my credit card without permission. Pay in cash is my tip for everyone Martin",2
2051, January 2019,"Excellent location, but mediocre hotel","Just checking out now after a 4 night stay and while it is a fantastic location the rooms are very poorly maintained. Peeling paint above the shower, ripped towels that do not look well laundered. The style of the room is good and modern but just grubby and absolutely no upkeep done on them. Came back to around 80 waiting to go up to their rooms in the lifts but out of the 8 lefts only 3 working and no week organised at all. It seems to be a head down and ignore situation. Would chose to stay here again. Much better choices and for the same money.",2
2052, January 2019,I felt like I was on Vacation!,"The Hotel Associate, Shantelle, treated me like I was the only one in the hotel. She gave me such kind and gracious assistance as she found the very best room for me. She also invited me to come down and listen to the band and gave me a complimentary drink voucher. When I entered the room, I cried with joy. It was so beautiful and clean. The view was breathtaking. The linens were white and the shower had ample towels. The shower was welcoming. I had to stay at the hotel because I live in NJ, and I had to make sure that the forecast of snow did not stop me from getting to work on Friday. But after last night experience, I am going to occasionally stay at the Row NYC Hotel because I felt GRAND! Thank you Management.",5
2053, July 2018,Incredible hotel in the heart of NYC,"I travel to NYC 2-3 times a year and I have stayed at this hotel 4 times. The first time I stayed at this hotel it was still the Milford Plaza in the process of converting in The Row hotel, although the hotel was under construction and there were a lot of disruptions the staff were incredibly helpful and eager to make sure my stay was great, I'm glad those values have not changed. I come to NYC to mostly see Broadway shows, this hotel in in the perfect location if you're planning to see a show or you just like being incredible close to the action but not right in the middle of it. The room I most recently stayed in was incredible, with incredible view of the city. A few friends who live in the city were blown away by the views from the room. I used to package service mutliple",5
2054, December 2018,The row NYC,Overall enjoyed our stay here the rooms are clean and today not very big but all you need for getting out in the city and is very central to all local attractions. I didn’t find the receptionist very friendly and they don’t rush to help you very much but whatever. I didn’t eat in used this hotel just for somewhere to stay. Too expensive for the price for sure and the hallways are very Dark and remind of American horror story the hotel series I found that quite funny tho but overall if too got money to spend stay here it’s ok.,3
2055, January 2019,Seemingly hip hotel is loud with terrible service,This hotel looks cool from the photos and the price was great. But the room I got was next to an elevator and too loud for sleep. They lost a package supposed to come to my room and the room was not cleaned properly during my stay. Front desk staff was apathetic and cold.,2
2056, January 2019,"Great location, great service","so close to everything, Hell's Kitchen, Theater District, Times Square. Easy walking distance to Rockefeller and Central Park.Hotel facilities are excellent, as well as service. Very close to subway, easy access to JFK.",5
2057, January 2019,Very basic!!!!,"A very basic hotel, the rooms are very small which I can understand being in NYC. The whole place is very dark and dingy and the cleanliness of the rooms needs to be bought to the attention of the management. Stains up the curtains, shower walls had watermarks and thick dust on mirror tops etc. Seems the housekeeping is a quick flick job! The reception staff need some work on customer service and it says something when your doormen are more sociable, maybe management need to swap them round. We didn't eat there as it was so expensive. I am more than happy to stay in small, basic hotels as long as they are clean but the icing on the cake for me was having to pay a resort tax for water which was not needed alongside call charges.",2
2058, January 2019,"Clean ,comfy with a famtastic location","If you're after a clean, basic hotel in an amazing location then this is the hotel for you. After reading some very mixed reviews on here , myself and my 2 friends were a little concerned but we had no need to worry. Yes the reception staff could do with being a little more welcoming but when I explained that 2 of us were celebrating turning 40 this month, we were instantly offered an upgrade to a deluxe city view room and a complimentary drink each from the hotel bar so I can't complain. The rooms are compact but basically clean. Similar standard to a travel lodge. The beds were very comfy and were changed every day along with the towels.The only bad thing I could say about room was how noisy the heating/air con system was and along with the noise of the city we quickly",4
2059, January 2019,Birthday break,"Stayed here 13th January for 3 days , what a rip off this hotel is , you get charged resort fee and a breakage deposit, resort fee is a rip off when you dont use water bottles, gym, phone calls and computers but you still have to pay , didn’t get water bottles and water and ice machine didn’t work on our floor and was told to go to 23rd floor if wanted water and ice when there was one on our floor why should we then have to go 5 floors up it should work , if you haven’t got a credit card then resort fee is doubled if payin cash , resort fee only goes up to 4am on your check out day anything after that you get charged extra, rooms are really small , sliding door to bathroom doesn’t close fully , we stayed in Gallivant last year and was only charged $75 dollars breakage and got it",2
2060, January 2019,Filthy rooms,"On entering our room we noticed how small it was for 4 people only one person was able to move around at a time ! hand prints and marks all over the mirror which is blocked every time some one wants to use the bathroom as it slides over the mirror , secondly we noticed left over food / crisps / crumbs down the side of the bed , how this was missed is unbelievable as the bed was made every day as well as for us arriving , months of dust under the mattress and down the side of the bed , Chinese currency under the bed as well as bits of paper and a rolled up carrier bag . I rang reception on 3 occasions no one answered , so I emailed them a further 3 times and no reply so on check out when they expected to receive £157 for resort fees ( which they advertise there free WiFi on",2
2061, January 2019,Hotel allows cooking in rooms,Do not be surprised if your room is filled with obnoxious cooking odors from next door! This NYC Hotel seems geared toward non-business guests. Was required to pack up and move to another floor and no refund was offered for this problem.,2
2062, January 2019,I want the milford back,The lighting in the hallways and elevator makes the place creepy and dirty looking. The front desk staff were blunt and uninviting... never again!This place used to be our go to everytime we were in NYC. The new owners should have left it the way it was,1
2063, January 2019,Rude and mean Employees!,"Employees here are rude and mean. They don’t know how to apologize and make things right. Had terrible experience overall. Had a pipe noise every single hour inside our room. I called first thing in the morning and told I need to come down to talk to a manager. After talking to a manager, I was told to check out and come back at 4pm for another room instead of prioritizing it and giving me an available room right away. Upon checking back in after 4pm, i was assigned to another room and gave me smaller room instead than the first one. No apologies heard from any of the employees. This hotel can be nice if they can only hire good employee with right manners and attitude. The management should really do triple screen their candidates or employees before hiring. They only care about",1
2064, January 2019,Vacation,"Had a great stay in new york, it was the perfect time to travel. Not too crowded and very friendly staff. We would definitely recommend the Row for our next visit. We've already have recommended it to our friends",5
2065, January 2019,Good hotel,"Have to say it is the second time I have been to this hotel & always have found it to be great, my son & I were checked in by Zac, who was extremely helpful, great guy who gave us a perfect start to a wonderful holiday. Thanks Zac & Dougie 😁",3
2066, January 2019,Poor hotel,"Very rude staff, very poor service. Room walls are thinner than paper, needs a full revamp. Take $150 off your card for spending in the hotel but if you dont spend it you wont get it back. Radiator making loud noise. Informed staff but wasnt resolved. People banging on our door at 12am and other holiday goers saying the same people trying to get in their room. Very rude staff",1
2067, January 2019,"One night stay, deal sent via email","Location was convenient for the show, but couldn't check in at 2:30 for a 4:00 show. Had to return after the show and stand in line again. Room keys were not with luggage storage. In the morning, the line for the three elevators was so long, we walked down from the 21st floor. Be prepared for a very small bathroom, but the view was very nice.",3
2068, May 2018,Excellent customer service,"Me and my mother stayed at the Row and the staff there made out stay there very nice. The security was very friendly and polite and would definitely go there again in the future. There was a man who communicated to us and kept us company while we waited for our taxi and I appreciate what he did, which proves that they go above and beyond to provide good customer service.",5
2069, January 2019,Dirty,Row hotel is in a wonderful place but the room is little and dirty. loudest full of people rude .the waitress absolutely rude when I asked her the clean sheet she don’t respond me at the last change the sheets but without pleasure....the only wonderful thing is the place.,3
2070, December 2018,Christmas in NYC 12/21-23/2018,"I was very apprehensive because of the bad reviews. We were on the 12th floor. The room was had plenty of outlets for our phones. The bed was comfortable and I inspected the bedding, crisp and clean. The quarters were snug on one side of the bed but nothing to gripe about, you're in the City. The fees were $169 for 2 nights, taxes, wifi and whatever but again you are in the City! The employees were very pleasant. No we didnt have a view but we chose a standard room, the view is outside where we intended to be!! A little noise Saturday night but it was the neighboring door, they are metal and make a noise when pulling them shut. Water/ice was just down the hall we filled our complimentary water pouches for our walks. We were there to take in the City not hang out in a hotel room",5
2071, January 2019,Great deal for NYC Theater District,"Contemporary hotel near theaters - very conveniently . Rooms are clean, connectivity to wifi was easy, staff was helpful and friendly. The bar was comfortable with good appetizers. We will definitely stay here again!",5
2072, November 2018,Very good,"Hotel is very good, good location, close to subways and other stations. Walk distance from Times Square and other attractions , people work in the hotel are very kind as well. Only sad thing is the tax you pay if you receive any package even if it is not staying in the storage for one day.",5
2073, January 2019,Please read to put your mind at rest,"My 2 friends and I travelled to NY to celebrate our 40th birthdays. We got a great deal to stay at this hotel for 4 nights. However, started to doubt our decision after reading many poor reviews on here. When we arrived we were pleasantly pleased as we were dreading what we’d find. We stayed in room 1414. Yes the room was small and basic but it was adequate for the very little time we spent in there. We would compare the room to a UK Travelodge standard. It was clean and the beds were comfy. Towels and bedding were cleaned everyday and never dirty. We were upgraded to a room with a view and given complimentary drinks vouchers for our birthdays. There’s no issue with lifts. They may be confusing to use 1st time but we never waited for a lift considering the hotel capacity. The",4
2074, January 2019,Looks impressive but isn’t all that great. Be mindful if booking a,"We travelled to NY for my daughters 16th Birthday. Booked 4 nights at the Row NYC based on its ‘ instagram Looks. The reception, bar area and food kitchen is impressive and chic if a little manic. The food at the fish place in the city kitchen was the best I’ve ever tasted. However... that’s where the good ends. We booked a quad room... luxury City view room. 2 double beds in what I imagine is a standard double room. The 2nd bed is just squashed in. I asked a maid to look in a STANDARD double room... it was the same as ours minus the extra double bed. We booked a city view luxury room. Nothing great about the view at all. We faced a car park and the main road outside the hotel. Literally no room to walk around the beds, nowhere for cases. There were 4 of us.. 2 adults and",2
2075, December 2018,I wouldn’t recommend,"I really dont like leaving poor reviews. However the experience i had in this hotel purely because of the person next door let me down. The staff i spoke to couldn’t have been nicer so cant fault that. The lounge/lobby looked spectacular and looked a 5 star hotel in a fantastic location just off times square however its when you go up the lift/elevator the problems occur, the rooms need upgraded and painted etc however i dont really care about those things it was just somewhere to sleep at night. However with the walls so thin i could hear the neighbour blasting music till 4am and crying and as well as what sounded like argueing with another guest possibly over the noise. So hardly had any sleep because of him. I was going to complain to reception about the noise however i didnt",2
2076, November 2018,Excellent hotel,"The location is perfect, everything is close , the rooms are clean and no noise at all All the staf is very helpful The check in was the easiest also the checkoutAnd the decoration very nice Love this hotel",5
2077, January 2019,Small time but great service,The rooms that I've started in are small. Particularly with two full sized beds. There was barely enough room to move with two couples sharing a room. The service staff was excellent however. City Market is convenient and they gave some great food options.,4
2078, January 2019,"Great location, good value, average hotel","Brilliant central location, very close to Times Square and Hell's Kitchen. Easy to get around from there. Asked to be changed room as initial room was a bit run down. Lovely reception staff and they arranged for us to be moved to a different room which was better. Great WIFI throughout the hotel. Helpful concierge. We didn't eat there, but did have drinks at the bar. Flat diet coke, but barmen helpful and friendly. There was a band on Thursday night which were good. Rooms are a bit tired, with chipped furniture, paintwork etc, but the bed was very comfortable. Biggest gripe is that the heating / air con was very noisy as it kicked in each time. Not great during the night when you are trying to sleep. Would I stay here again? Absolutely. It was great value for a",3
2079, January 2019,not my best nyc hotel!,"worse room ever. super noisy air condition!the bar is super expensive. i take two coffee and two yogurt for 30$! Unbelievableand more, the taxes were not included and i was expected to spend 400$ and not 700$.",1
2080, January 2019,Great hotel !,The location is amazing and the rate is very good for the room. Also sugar factory is great place to buy desserts. Iconic M (general store) is open 24/7 which is very good. The room is clean and staff are very kind.,4
2081, March 2018,First NYC visit,"Arrived at Row around 3.40pm, small queue at check in, took about 30 minutes to get to desk, as we had to wait we where given vouchers for 2 complimentary drinks at the bar. Room comfortable and clean just what you need, beds comfortable and showers lovely. Busy hotel but doesn’t affect you when in your room. Staff all very friendly and willing to help. Would definitely stay here again on our next visit.",5
2082, January 2019,Fine but easy to make it brilliant,Room was comfortable and location is great for central NYC. Room was not serviced properly on arrival and a couple of teh bathroom fixtures looked a bit tired. Reception staff were a little curt and off.,3
2083, December 2018,ROWing in the right direction...,It's our 2nd time staying at the ROW.. it's now definitely our favorite hotel whenever we're in NYC... absolutely the complete package... I'd avoid the in house convenience store though... astronomical prices for things you could get for a third of the price across the road...,5
2084, January 2019,Nice Vacation,"We had a good stay at the Row NYC. Nothing out of the ordinary for NYC. Rooms were small but equipped properly. The bathroom was tight, but what more can you ask for. We stayed on the 17th floor with our window facing 8th ave. VERY LOUD but it didn't bother us any. Elevator system is unique. The security guard at the base of the elevators was a nice safety touch but slightly annoying. Check in was smooth, got there before a rush so I would imagine it to be slow with only 1 person waiting. Check your credit card statements!!! there are more fees than the price of a nights stay. If I had known this I would have stayed somewhere else. They also charge for a nights stay 1-2 days before your even there. There isn't anything super special about it that makes it better than",3
2085, January 2019,great stay for cheap!!! had no problems,"rooms are a bit small but that what you get in the city! i was able to check in early with no charge, the rooms were clean, and in the PERFECT area! i highly recommend staying here. there was little to no noise at all from the city.",4
2086, January 2019,Good stay,I recommend this hotel to anybody visiting for family and friendsMy stay was so awesome I loved the hotel and its views. The views were breath taking and they’re are really good restaurants above the hotel,5
2087, December 2018,Lovely stay at The Row,"Being our first time in New York we didn't have a clue where or what. As we arrived at The Row which was our first hotel of four, we met Junior who works at reception. We felt right at home. He was so professional yet the most friendly person we met in our month in the US. He was infact so helpful that we decided to cancel our other hotel for our second week in NY and booked The Row again. When we arrived our second time he recognised us, and again, we felt right at home and special to know that he still remembered us. We had a wonderful time, all thanks to your friendly Junior. We would recommend this hotel with a smile. The location is great aswell, just a block away from Time Square and our view was so pretty. Ps. If you ever check in at The Row, ask for Junior ;) Thanks",5
2088, January 2019,Stay somewhere else,"Must pay an additional “amenities” fee for every night that you stay here (around $34USD per night). The rooms are small with no fridge. We had no hot water for the duration of our stay even after contacting reception multiple times. Our shower stopped working twice and had to be fixed twice, meaning we were unable to shower before heading out in the morning on two occasions. I would not recommend this hotel.",1
2089, January 2019,An okay stay,"We had a decent stay. We arrived about three hours after check-in and the room we'd reserved weeks before had been sold; we were put in a smaller, cheaper room without the view. Latonya at the front desk was very kind and compensated us for part of our stay, but it meant we had to vacate the room early the next day to move rooms.Further disorganization: no one could agree whether checkout time was 11, 11:30, or noon.The heater in the bathroom could not be completely shut off, and was so close to the toilet that we had to shuffle in sideways to sit, and managed to burn ourselves a few times.The rooms seem to have been updated recently but lots of shortcuts have been made.The rooms (toilets, sinks, beds) and the rest of the facility were more or less clean, but there are some",3
2090, January 2019,Great stay at Row NYC,"My family stayed three nights at Row NYC. We like it because of its location in the theatre district. In addition, It had great winter rates. We found the staff to be helpful and are rooms were clean and comfortable. We would definitely stay there again!",5
2091, January 2019,Great place,Everything is excellent as always. As I stated earlier girlfriend and I always stay at the hotel whether it’s for business or pleasure. It is close to everything from time square to great restaurants and easy access to the subway.,5
2092, January 2019,Group of 8,"We stayed here for 3 nights, we arrived at 11 am and the hotel check in wasn't until 4 pm they province a luggage store and the staff there were very friendly and helpful. The room was fairly small but not a problem we only slept there the beds were very comfy. It could do with a good deep clean but I won't be too picky as the location is fantastic for all attractions .There are water/ice machines at various points throughout the hotel. You can request a kettle. Security is good on a night and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. The reception area gets very busy and sometimes you will have to wait for an elevator.The food court opposite does great coffee and quick easy food for reasonable prices.All in all it was a great trip thoroughly enjoyed by all and yes we",3
2093, December 2018,Couples stay during Christmas,"Room was bigger than many NYC rooms I've stayed in, although very basic. Small bathroom. All in all it was exactly what we needed as we do not spend much time in our room and the bed was comfortable. Price was also great.",5
2094, January 2019,Great Hotel,"I was quite concerned about our stay at this hotel after reading some of the previous review, however after arriving and spending our stay in NYC I am glad to confirm there was nothing to worry about. When we arrived we were checked in by the friendliest or staff who got us a room with plenty of space. Rooms were basic and have everything you need, very clean and bathroom was spacious for four girls and clean also. View from our window was right on the street where you could see all the views, and windows were sound proofed enough the noise of the traffic didn’t disturb. Only thing was the heating when switched on would rattle quite abit and could get loud, however room heated up very quickly so wasn’t on for long! Staff were great and friendly and we had no problems at all",5
2095, January 2019,"Great location,","Stayed New Year’s Day for a week, first impressions were ok, the receptionist we dealt with was not very welcoming or helpful, asked for credit card for the tax that had to be paid , they did not accept cash apparently! Given very little information on facilities, Our room was clean , beds very comfortable, bathroom adequate, AC and heating in the room, cleaned every day and very acceptable, meant to be given drinks bottles so I understand, we had some plastic cups left in our room, we found an ice and water machine on the 23 rd floor,don’t buy bottled water from the onsite shop as we were charged $6 a bottle, which we obviously declined , not knowing water was available elsewhere, Although a few moans, the hotel was clean,lively , and a great location for time square, one",3
2096, January 2019,KSA,I visited Roy hotel during christmas eve i arrived at 12 pm but the reception refused to check in only at 4 pm if my room available it means i have to wait till 9 pm maybe. Other issues that its very crowded queues in the check in desk and only 1 or 2 staff available. The room not as showen in pics its small the bath room was not as clean as should be. I came every evening to the room but almost for 4 days bed sheet not changed or pillows cover. No water provided or coffee machine nor frig as well. The check in staff told me that my total stay cost 1200 $ and when i arrived they ask me to pay 1900 $ i dnt know how its jump 700$ extra ???? .only advantage is location and security ..,1
2097, January 2019,A pretty good hotel with a great location.,"Overall the hotel was pretty good. The room is small, and the bathroom door did not close all the way. It was reasonably clean, but could have been better. The best part of the stay was our hotel associate, Pawla. They did not have the room type we reserved available, so she upgraded us. She spent extra time with us, looking around at all the available rooms to find us the one with the best view. The view did not disappoint! We could see for blocks and blocks. She was kind, helpful, and took extra effort to make sure we were taken care of.",4
2098, February 2018,"Great location, nice hotel","Stayed here in Jan 2017. Hotel is fairly big with a nice lobby and tidy bar area. Room was smallish but what we expected being in NYC Was clean and comfy, had a slight issue with the heating and safe on arrival however the maintenance staff came to the room within 20 minutes and sorted. Location was great, walking distance to many of the main attractions and literally 5 minutes from Times Square, would stay here again should we return to NYC",4
2099, December 2018,Great Location - terrible rooms,"With an ""upgraded"" remove, we had a broken lock, broken sink drain, stained linens (make-up on towels and pillow cases) and blood on the sheets. The ""continental breakfast"" consists of one drink, one pastry (not all that special) and one piece of fruit.",1
2100, December 2018,Old hotel with a new coat of paint,These rooms are small and some very loud. They are located in a great location in midtown and are a fair value for that. Do not expect more than bare minimum when it comes to accommodations. The bathrooms are clean and have had minor upgrades. It’s ok of a night or two but the rooms are very small.,3
2101, December 2018,"Great location, clean and welcoming rooms.","Enjoyed our stay at the Row Hotel, a recommendation by a friend who lives in New York. The rooms were bright, clean, and welcoming. The location is perfect - we walked to Broadway in 10 minutes, Central Park in 20 minutes, and Penn Station in under 20 minutes. Plenty of places to eat in the vicinity. The only drawback was the slowness of the check-in line, and the lack of Concierge (presumably on a break) for 15 minutes before we gave up and went without Concierge. We also tried to check bags after we checked out, so that we wouldn't have to drag them around NYC, but the line was excruciatingly long, and we gave up on that, too, and dragged our bags around. Despite this, I'd definitely stay at the Row Hotel again. The excellent room and location more than make up for some",4
2102, December 2018,Parents stay for Field Trip,"Stayed 3 nights, two weeks before Christmas. Room was larger than expected. This hotel has a great and friendly staff. They allowed us to drop off our luggage and have an early check in even though we did not request or pay for one. They also kept our luggage safe for the better part of a day due to us having a late flight. The location of this hotel is awesome! You are within pretty much walking distance of anything you would want to do. Would recommend this hotel.",4
2103, November 2018,nice service,"excellent service, amazing location. the people must try the gym, that is so complete, for the daily meals have to be included in the hotel, the service room is fast, the managers help the people in everything, they help me always when i dont no how to go to visist turistic places",5
2104, December 2018,"Good location, small rooms","We stayed for 2 nights at the end of December and 1 night the first weekend in January. We arrived about 6.30pm on the 27th December the hotel was very busy, our first room we had was tiny, 2 double beds and not much more room. Not ideal for a family of 4. As we were all so tired we jut went to bed. There was a fan noise right outside our bedroom window which kept us awake all night, in the end we all just got up at 3.30am. I went down to reception to ask if we could move rooms, I was asked to come back at 7am. As no new rooms were available we had to put our cases in storage in the basement and our new room was available later on that day. The new room was a little more spacious, but still quite small for a family room. What I'd not realised when we booked the hotel was that",3
2105, December 2018,First trip to NYC and had great experience at Row,First trip to NYC and had great experience at Row! Room was very small but clean. Hidden gem restaurant (food court) off of lobby that we didn’t discover until the last morning. Hotel bar was great! Everyone was very pleasant and hospitable.,5
2106, December 2018,Bad experience (Unfortunately),"Big lines for checking, my room was completely nasty, there was other guests underwear inside the drawers (very likely used), employees were not gentil (except Junior at the front desk).... In summary, I don't recommend this hotel to anybody",1
2107, January 2019,Great Location Times Square,"Great location, friendly staff, clean and tidy, the most comfortable beds and pillows ever, Lobby Bar provided free entertainment and drink prices were excellent. Definitely stay there again. Rooms are small but compared to others in New York this is standard. Traffic noise level was also good and blackout blinds.",5
2108, January 2019,Attentive Staff,Definitely recommend this place for your future stay in NYC. The view was great and it was so close to everything. The staff was so attentive and made our stay so pleasant and easy to check in and check out,5
2109, December 2018,Never again!!!!,Never again this hotel!!!! Very unfriendly employees! Too expensive for this small rooms!!! I‘ve booked a room with kind size bed but don‘t get it!!! But i have to pay the same price as for a kind size bed room!!!,1
2110, October 2018,Last minute,This was a nice place for a short weekend visit in NYC what they don't tell you is they hold $200 on card for incidentals . Not worth it bathroom is small and room is very small no leg room with 2 twin beds take up whole room plus no real outlet to charge devices,2
2111, December 2018,"Lovely stay, perfect location, friendly staff","We arrived as a group of 4 booking 2 rooms. Upon arrival, we were booked in by Zac who was really friendly and knowledgeable when we asked questions about the area etc. Although it was busy upon our arrival, Zac took his time with us and we didn't feel rushed through booking process. As it was my sister's 40th birthday, Row NYC upgraded her to a bigger room and provided her with a complimentary bottle of prosecco which was a really nice touch! Our room was basic but clean and all the amenities were working fine. Yes the room was small, but come on, this is New York! you're not going to be staying in your room all day are you!! Its just somewhere to crash! I was actually happy with the cleanliness of the room in general and the fact the cleaners came in every day and left fresh",4
2112, December 2018,NYE in NYC,"Good location but overpriced for what it is , very small room , bar prices are ridiculously expensive .No room facilities for making tea or coffee , hot water never worked properly and shower very poor",3
2113, January 2019,Disturbingly filthy 🐀,"Stayed here as a family, 6 people 5 rooms. All rooms allocated were totally filthy, one room had actual human excrement on the bathroom floor. Another had black mould on the bathroom walls & door frame. Another had nose bogeys on the light switches. They were simply filthy. My room had cockroaches in the bathroom and on the shower curtain. I handled the cockroach situation until the last one, which I unfortunately trapped half it’s body with an ice bucket. I reported this to management, who told me that everything would be cleaned & rectified for when we came back from our day out... IT WASNT!!! Upon our return, all rooms were the same, except for the towels being changed. So the cleaning staff had been in & not cleaned anything! In fact, they had ignored the half",1
2114, January 2019,Excellent central hotel,"Really lovely hotel within easy reach of broadway shows and other attractions. No problem checking in fast and efficient, rooms no problem for a couple been in smaller in NYC, clean tidy fresh looking. The lobby/bar/kitchen area are welcoming with a good atmosphere(maybe my lucky day), like kitchen food ideas different food outlets letting you choose what you eat and then sit tougher. Anybody worried about security dont be people checking you have a key. Overall i would stay again.",5
2115, January 2019,The Best Bargain on Broadway,"The staff was welcoming. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We were given an upgrade and a free continental breakfast. It is located steps from Times Square, Restaurant Row, and all of the Broadway shows. We love it!",5
2116, December 2018,Holiday visit,"The room we were given was very small, not what we were expecting. The bathroom was tiny with a bath and shower which we found just about adequate. Down stairs we found it just about adequate. The breakfast was contenental, which was ok but not much choice. The plus point for the hotel is its location it is very close to Times Square and Broadway, a short walk away. Other tourist attractions are accessible within walking distance. There is a bar across the road called Smiths Bar which we found ok for drinks price wise and the staff were friendly. One warning I will give is the fact of the location of the hotel you pay a tax because it is in the Times Square area which works out approx £250 for 7 nights. We",3
2117, January 2019,"This hotel is filthy, disgusting & is a homeless shelter on the lower floors!","All I can say is wow. I have never stayed in such a filthy, disgusting and down right hideous ""hotel"" in my life. In reality this place is like a youth hostel. We stayed for 4 nights as a family, 6 people and we had 5 rooms between us. All of our rooms were so filthy that we felt unclean throughout our entire stay. So, what was wrong? Dirty bed sheets, the bathroom was so filthy I can't imagine it has been cleaned since the 1980's. Cockroaches, human excrement on the bathroom floor, bodily fluids and other hideous nasties. There was black mould in my room, but that was the most minor issue compared to the human waste on the bathroom floor and stains on my bedding. We continually complained to no avail, the room did not get any cleaner. It is a homeless shelter on the lower",1
2118, January 2019,"Great location, convenient, clean, comfy!","I traveled to NYC with my kid and spent 4 nights at the Row NYC. First, a shout out to Zac at reception who upgraded us to 2 full beds when our queen standard room wasn't available upon our arrival. The location is great, literally around the corner from the Broadhurst where we saw Anastasia. Big Bus stop was also very close. The room was clean, beds comfy. The heater in the room was a but noisy on the first night, but it kept us warm in January, and soon we learned to ignore the sound. The lobby is busy and a bit odd with steps from the ground level entry, but that too was a small inconvenience for all the other definite pluses of the location. Also a walking distance from the Penn Station where we arrived at from EWR. Took an uber to LGA.",4
2119, December 2018,Holiday travel pick!,Close walk to all major Christmas sights and just a short cab ride to Canal street and Little Italy. Standard room was tight and could not fit our pack-n-play. Staff was helpful and friendly and the hotel was neat and clean.,4
2120, December 2018,A shame,"How can we be so discourteous, so outrageous. Rooms reserved but not available, dirty toilets, drawers idem, a payment made without consulting us, and there with excedent nearly 300 dollars. All this with a staff of the reception Absolutely bad. Yes, the concierge ... in this period, it is very useful, but never there!",1
2121, December 2018,unfriendly personal,"A broken bottle of whiskey disappeared in the room. the empty bottle on the floor remained lying. The staff damaged our luggage, did not apologize and replaced the damage. The location is good for a trip to NYC.",2
2122, November 2018,Dont risk it,Left not happy and unsatisfied for the stay compared to value! Small rooms and cleaning services isn’t good. Tv losses signal sometimes and wifi isnt fast enough.overall i would choose another hotel next time,2
2123, December 2018,Excellent service,"We were very well received by Junior at check in, where he advised us and recommended several places close by and quality for our meals. They were great tips and we really enjoyed it.Also with the issue of the displacement and visitation of various sights.We were very pleased with our stay at the Hotel.",5
2124, January 2019,Only fit for the homeless - unclean 0 star hotel,"DO NOT STAY HERE, just look at the picture. The homeless live on floors 3-7, we didn’t know this until 2 days in. It is disgusting, unclean, small rooms, the pictures show cockroaches, blood, dried nasal mucus, feces and dirt. We paid £1300 each x 6 for 4 nights we did not expect this. I repeat DO NOT STAY HERE!!!",1
2125, December 2018,Great room,My second stay there. Will certainly return if I need to stay in nYC. Great location and price. Easy to get to. Room simple but had all that I needed. Will stay there again if I am visiting NYC. Have suggested it to friends.,5
2126, November 2018,"Great hotel, great staff.","Nice rooms, staff were super helpful throughout our stay. Willing to hold baggage before and after check out. Clean enough, big enough, surrounded by great food and theaters. I have no complaints except for the slow internet.",5
2127, December 2018,Enjoyable experience,Hotel location excellent for access to Broadway and places of interest by foot. Hotel facilities good. Rooms cleaned to a good standard. Lifts great when system understood could be explained clearer on check in how to access room. Would stay again and would recommend hotel to others.,4
2128, January 2019,Post Jan 1,"Great hotel for the price and location! Right around the corner from 42nd Street, Hells Kitchen and subway stop. Staff was incredibly helpful and welcoming. Have already recommended to my brother and I would definitely stay again. Nice Chic atmosphere.",4
2129, December 2018,"Second stay, disappointing.",Dssapointed that I paid for a superior room and received a standard. Promised a partial refund which I have not received. In my opinion for adding a breakfast package you pay a lot of money for what you actually receive. You get a hot drink or juice a piece of fruit and a choice of 4 pastries. Other than that room clean and comfortable and in a good location.,3
2130, December 2018,Affordable stay at a central location,Affordable for a Manhattan hotel. Great location. Very busy area surrounded by amenities. Front end staff could have been warmer and friendlier. Heater made loud clanging and pinging noises. Had to turn it off.,3
2131, January 2019,Nice place but cash swindler,"The ROW was not just a hotel, it was an experience filled with charismatic staff and a variety of curriculars and festivities to engage in. They are very misleading in terms of the pricing and rates that are advertised online specifically.",4
2132, November 2018,"Location, location, location!","This is a very convenient hotel, near everything. The rooms are small but comfortable. There is a bar and food court in building and the staff is accommodating. It is onebblock over from the heart of Broadway.",4
2133, December 2018,Disturbing amount of issues at this hotel,"Our first experience with your hotel was receiving a hotel key that opened up another persons room. All of their belongings were in the room. Apparently the customers were suppose to move rooms but never did. Luckily, it was an honest family that walked into their room. I am sure the sable leather bag sitting on the chair would have been stolen otherwise. Once we went back down stairs and received another key we waited for about an hour for the bell man to bring up our bags. We called the service desk twice, concerned they were going to the wrong room. The woman that answered said she would look into it, after about a half an hour my husband called and the same woman answered again she said she would call us back when she found our luggage but never did. It finally arrived 30",1
2134, December 2018,Comfort sacrificed for convenience,The ROW NYC is what could be a great value but falls short because of a fatal flaw the beds are terribly uncomfortable! Small rooms are to be expected in a mid-town hotel and the staff is great but the comfort of their guests seems to be lacking.,2
2135, December 2018,Great Experience,"Despite some glitches the staff was awesome , friendly,service excellent, location perfect . Rooms clean cleaning service friendly and efficient . Food service and staff experienced and efficient and friendly . Security friendly and on point.",5
2136, December 2018,Very disappointing,"The rooms are very small, we had four people in our room (two adults two teenagers), the bathroom was so tiny. The aircon was so noisy we couldn’t have it on and my Aunty who was also staying at the hotel had the same problem with her aircon. The rooms don’t have a fridge or tea/coffee making facilities. We were there for NYE and for the exuberant price they charged we felt it wasn’t worth it. Rooms are more suitable for two people only. Check in is at 4pm, the hotel stored our bags until we could check in, but when we did check in it took an hour for the bags to be delivered to our room.",1
2137, December 2018,Amazing hotel,"Staff, location and amenities all amazing. Would definitely recommend. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Location is in the theatre district and one block awat from Times Square. Plenty food options in the hotel",5
2138, December 2018,nightmare,My wife was rushed into booking this hotel from flight centre the following day i contacted the flight centre to change the hotel but they was very unhelpful. So we was stuck with the Row Hotel and what a nightmare it was . Traveled with my wife and 2 daughters arrived to be given our superior king room which sleeps 4 so flight centre said what a joke no floor space and the bathroom you could not turn around in room was dirty so i went straight down and joined the queue at reception only to see that most of the people in front of me was complaining as well seem to be a common thing because soon as i said the room was much to small the guy said yes they are not surprised at all . He said we have other rooms in other hotels around the corner but they are not much better in the end,1
2139, August 2018,Trendy hotel in a great location but needs work,"The hotel is in a great location - Times Square is within walking distance and getting to the tube is super easy too. There's even a Shakeshack right opposite which seems to be open 24/7! The wifi is good, they have a bar and a place where you can get sweets but also proper food which is reasonably priced. They have a great luggage hold system (tip how much you want) which is good when you have to check out but want to spend a little time exploring the area. However, in terms of the hotel itself - it really needs to work on its cleanliness. Our hotel bathroom was gross and had hair in the bath tub which we had to complain about and it was cleaned the next day. The room was super small, which given that you're not really there to stay in your room isn't too bad, but it is",3
2140, December 2018,Perfect location for the Broadway Theater-goer!,"Visited during Christmas week - needless to say an extremely busy time. Staff generally had things under control. When we had an issue with our room (TV mounted at awkward angle), Yarra took very good care of us. She made sure to follow up and check that we were happy. She remembered us all the way thru our stay and I made a point to thank her as we were checking out and leaving. A 5 star employee!!",4
2141, December 2018,Horrible,"Rooms are full of dust,noisy , cold at night and bathroom are not clean Horrible. I will never recommend this hotel to one of my friend I sent an email to the hotel when I was at the beginning of my holidays but no one answered!",1
2142, December 2018,Review Row NYC,A very nice location close to every important place of New York. Excelent service and breakfast. The room is confortable but maybe kind of small. The cleaning service is good. Check in and check out its very fast. I will recomend the hotel.,4
2143, December 2018,Front desk staff is not helpful.,"Check took over an hour of waiting. Front desk girl was rude. The king room I reserved was not available. Gave us a room with 2 doubles. Bathroom was dirty and had no shower curtain. Second trip to front desk was even worse and was told the king room had been given to someone else. I held my ground and she eventually found a king room, which was much better. I refused to deal with the front desk counter after that. I witnessed them being rude and unenthusiastic with many guest. Wouldn’t recommend this hotel even though location is good. Dealing with u helpful front desk leaves a bad taste for travelers.",3
2144, December 2018,Our bad experience with ROW,"The cleaning of our room was very bad. Either the staff were lazy or didn't know how to clean properly. We couldn't open the window and had some bad air in the room. Just because you paint everything with paint in your room, it doesn't get cleaner. If you don't do something quickly, guests run away from you. In New York, the competition is not shaming. For us it was the first time and the last time in the ROW.",1
2145, December 2018,Good location ... unhelpful staff,Reception queues long and poorly staffed by unhelpful people. Never answer phone if you try to call. This was the only spoiler on an otherwise excellent trip. Good base location with decent rooms just needs happier staff.,3
2146, December 2018,Excellent hotel!,We loved our stay here. We stayed on the 25th floor which had a fun view of the city. The location was excellent. Close to Times Square and all the shows and several places to eat nearby. We would stay here again! Thx!,5
2147, December 2018,Room not cleaned once during 3 night stay,"On check-in found bathroom was dirty, we requested it he cleaned arrived back to room and it still wasn't done all that had been done was bin emptied.During our 3 night stay room was not cleaned once and we had to request clean towels on the third night and had to wait over 70 mins for them to be delivered. Hotel has a fantastic location and reception area is very nice bar seems really nice too. Rooms are a great size for NYC and a good standard.The bad cleaning and lack of housekeeping let it down. Was disappointing after reporting bathroom issue it still was not cleaned.Hotel did waive facilities fee on checkout after we explained our issues",3
2148, December 2018,PLEASANT STAY,"Magnificent stay, unbeatable location, hotel with good services (gym, internet, breakfast ...), room with incredible views of the eighth avenue and very good care of all its workers, especially District M.",4
2149, December 2018,Not completely satisfied,"Daily fees (fitness room, WiFi, etc.) should be included with initial room price. Rooms need mini fridge and coffee maker. The hotel was very clean. I slept great on the extremely comfortable mattress. Excellent location!",3
2150, December 2018,Lovely hotel,"Stayed at the ROW beginning of December. Was my second visit to this hotel. Lovely hotel staff helpful. Christina on the front desk gave us and upgraded room as we were celebrating a birthday. Lovely room with a view of the street below. Room lovely and comfortable, clean fresh towels daily. Would definitely stay again if we get the chance to come back",5
2151, December 2018,Christmas Vacation,Stayed recently between Christmas and New Years. The hotel was in a great location for the shows we were going to see and things we wanted to do. Staff was professional and room was clean. Would stay again and recommend.,5
2152, December 2018,Perfect NYC hotel,"Small rooms, very clean, nice staff, great location. Right down the street from all theaters, Juniors restaurant and time square. Check in staff very friendly, had live music at night that was enjoyable and felt happy after a long day in the city.",5
2153, December 2018,Row NYC,Hotel is nice and clean. You have to make sure to stay on top of room service and ask for what you want. Nice lobby and is very close to Times Square. Good tv but not all rooms have good views of the city.,4
2154, December 2018,Great location - extremely unfriendly service,"Stayed at the Row with my brother for 4 nights over Christmas - have been to NYC many times so knew in advance of this hotel’s great location. We had requested twin rooms which weren’t available on our arrival on 23rd Dec. So had to share a king bed. We put up with this for the sake of not spoiling our holiday - and were told that a twin room would be available the next day. Receptionist was extremely rude and dismissive the next morning....surprise surprise no twin available! Again told there would be availability the next morning - at 7.30am next morning I asked the receptionist (a different lady from the day before) for a twin room She said there would be one available at 4pm that day, and I would have to check out immediately of our existing room and check back in at 4pm -",1
2155, December 2018,"Excellent location, clean and comfortable","We stayed at Row NYC for 5 nights, the location of the hotel is excellent, staff were friendly and helpful and the room was extremely clean. WiFi super fast and beds extremely comfortable, what more could you ask for?",5
2156, December 2018,"Reservation, drug and communication problems.","First, the reservation accuracy was not correct. We had to solve by ourselves the checking date accuracy with booking.com.Second, the room was not the correct of our upgrade. Although everybody from the hotel said that our room was that we paid.Third, serious drug, maybe dealing and security problems inside the hotel. A room next to ours was a dealing or a drug spot of weed (marijuana, maconha). The smell was unbearable. The security ineffective against this problem. Several people on the corridor in front of this room, only standing by at the door. Very suspicious. Fourth, after the drug problems, at 6:00 am we woke up with yelling and screaming at the corridor. And also a very strong smell of weed.Fifth, finally we changed the room to what we initially paid, a king deluxe with",2
2157, December 2018,"Great location, tiny rooms","Went to NYC girls/family trip. The elevators were so slow and so small that we had to wait through 3-4 cars and often had to split up after 3-4 went by. Great location to Times Square. Small beds. Room tiny, bathroom minuscule. Shabby but overall clean. If you learn on having activity filled days, it works.",3
2158, December 2018,Good location but that’s about it!,"Would not stay here again staff were very unfriendly and rude they only wanted to help if you were willing to pay or tip them more money, they all looked miserable! At check in the receptionist took my card off me to pay the balance of the room, not mentioning they take an extra $100 off the card which then gets put back on the card in 10-12 days time I only found this out after overhearing a conversation. I understand this may be hotel policy but I think this should be mentioned when paying. The hotel was not cheap to stay in only thing which was worth paying for was the location. Room and bathroom were tiny hard to move around when you have suitcases with you. Breakfast was disappointing! Coffee was disgusting would not bother wasting time going there for breakfast.",2
2159, December 2018,Amazing hotel!!!!,"Chose the Row NYC for my stay in New York as the positioning of the hotel was excellent could walk almost everywhere and was right beside both bus stops for the tour busses. Hotel was very clean and rooms were very cosy, would highly recommend to anyone staying in New York to choose this hotel",5
2160, December 2018,Not for me,"I mean it had everything you come to expect from a hotel. The room was clean and tidy, had everything I wanted and was in time square. Negative things about this hotel was the size of the room, it’s tiny and two people barely fit with suitcases. Big thug/bouncers stand in the entrance and just make it uncomfortable to have a holiday feel. They do random walks up the hallways as if it’s school camp. Get rid of them. The service fee is for the things people on holidays do not use. Printing and computer use, gym (smells horrible) and internet which states it is free on every booking site I’ve come across so it is unnecessary. But since it’s New York they do have to scam you somehow. Stay in the upper west side and get the subway in, this hotel is way to busy and not worth the",3
2161, December 2018,Last minute for us,Junior is the best. Very handsome. We could leave our luggage there after the checkout to go see the town. The bed was very comfortable wish we could have more pillows for us. The price was ok. Would been better if we would of booked earlier.,4
2162, December 2018,Location great Room not so great,We stayed here for two nights pre xmas and found the rooms very basic and in need of some TLC. The bathroom was tiny you could just about have a shower and sit on the loo at the same time. Just a block away from Times Square the location however is very convenient,3
2163, December 2018,Visiting New York,"On our way to Chicago we landed at NY and already booked the hotel at Home. After our visit we Found the hotel OK, but think that you can find better rooms as the one we had. On the other side it’s only for sleeping and with our family the hotel is perfect situated for visiting NY and it’s at the back of Time square. Maybe you better ask for a room at the back side, because on the street you herz the whole night sirenes from policy etc....But after all we are glad we took the hotel, because i have a limp leg and walking at crutches and this the perfect for visiting.",4
2164, December 2018,I was disappointed,"I thought for the price I would get better. There was enough room to barely move, one step to the bathroom. The place was so small that I could almost touch all walls. The shower was so hard to maneuver, I thought I was going to break the handle if I pulled any harder on it. There wasn’t even a coffee maker. There wasn’t a coffee maker either.. super sad. For the price I paid I could have gotten a better hotel somewhere else. The only good part was the bed was very comfy and the view wasn’t too bad and the location was perfect. Only reasons I didn’t give it a one star. Would I stay here again, no, would I recommend this place... not really.",2
2165, December 2018,Bobba,Convenient location and great neighborhood. Staff are very helpful and professional. Nice place to stay but a bit old rooms. I visited this place with my kids Christmas vacation and rooms felt little consisted,4
2166, December 2018,NYC,"Great room, simple, and quick, there is a $30 fee per night for facilities which hotels.com didnt reflect on the ""this is what you will pay"" and was at the bottom of the email confirmation. Hotel was very close to the main attraction in NYC",5
2167, December 2018,Great location basic rooms,"The hotels location was perfect, being right next to Times Square and a 10/15 min walk to Central Park. A subway only a couple of mins walk away too. I did however find the rooms a little tired and basic, although they were clean and comfortable. Breakfast was really nice too, with friendly staff.",4
2168, April 2018,Excellent price for location,"Row NYC is a great deal for the location! The service was prompt, the decor was modern, and it was a great advantage to have a food hall with many reasonable but local options attached. You can definitely tell that it is an older building and that some parts of the renovation have been done to a higher standard than other parts. That being said, I slept incredibly well as the rooms were above expectation for bed comfort and blocking sound and light from outside. Overall, an exceptional value. Highly recommend for those who are looking to stay near Times Square.",4
2169, December 2018,Great!!,"Great service! Very easy process checking in and getting settled. The hotel associate, Junior, was very attentive to our needs! He provided us with a great service. I highly recommend this hotel and Junior’s service!",5
2170, December 2018,So welcoming...,"We arrived late, tired and cold. Caesar at the desk could not have been better. He made us feel welcomed, he set us up with a great room at a great rate and it was the start of a wonderful few days at Christmas time. The rooms are clean, the location is central and everyone on the staff makes you feel like you are welcomed to stay there.",5
2171, December 2018,Not a 4 star.,The cleaness could be better. The carpets had a lot of stains. Heater was broken had to use an electrical one. Reception not friendly and slow. We waited more than 20 min in line. The room was not ready whem we got there.,2
2172, December 2018,Great Atmosphere,"Hotel was overall nice. Our room keys quit working a couple of times and I was told by concierge to wait in the check in line to have my key reprogramed. They should have another person to help with the guest that have already checked in. Bar was very comfortable and ""Kitchen"" was convenient for a quick meal - (DON'T by drinks at the gift shop - it was extremely expensive even for NYC - $15 for a Gatorade and apple juice.- ridiculous) The same apple juice was 1/2 the price in the ""Kitchen""",4
2173, December 2018,Bad experience,"The row needs better maid and maintenance service. I stayed here with my wife and 5 years old son. The room was filthy and we had to change rooms and that was the same, it took us 2 hrs... I had a bad experience staying at the row and will not recommend and return....",1
2174, December 2018,Fantastic hotel,"Growing up in New York I always remember the big 'M' that was atop the Milford Plaza hotel on 8th Avenue. The hotel has changed hands a few times and it is now called the Row NYC. I was fortunate to stay there for 4 nights fro December 22-26 and was pleasantly surprised with how it has been revamped. The room was spacious, the bedding was all white and the mattress one of the most comfortable that I have ever slept on and the room was immaculate. The bathroom was very clean and the staff all very friendly. Yes, it is a very large hotel, but the staff make it feel like you are staying in a small boutique hotel. I was able to leave my luggage upon check-out and, unlike many hotels in NYC, this service is free of charge for guests. The location of the hotel in the center of",5
2175, December 2018,Location,"stayed here for 4 nights just before Xmas and to some up rough round the edges however the location is key. Slap bang in the middle of times square so can walk to where ever you want from there as we did. we only needed transport downtown and to the airport. The rooms are spot on for what you need, considering the fact we were out all from morning to night. The reception is well done up and really looks the part, and we found all the staff to be helpful, in what was a very very busy hotel. Nothing really to complain about if your looking for 5* maybe so but that's not what we went to NYC for, and so all in all this hotel was perfect for such a fantastic Xmas getaway to NYC.",4
2176, December 2018,Location location,"This hotel was recommended to us by a friend , based on its location to all the sites. We were extremely happy it was so central to everything. It was clean , staff was friendly, we will return in the future .",5
2177, December 2018,Satisfied,"This hotel is a great location to Times Square about a 5 minute walk! The rooms are a little small however perfect when your hardly ever in them and for the amazing price we got for the time we are here (Christmas and nye included) - our room was cleaned daily, lifts are always on time, there was no problem with check in - the reviews had me worried for a little bit! However, my time so far has been pleasent hopefully the rest will be as well :)",4
2178, December 2018,Long weekend.,"Overall the experience was fine. There were a couple of minor issues with the carpet being wet and maintenance being done down the hall during the late morning, early afternoon but overall the hotel was great.",4
2179, December 2018,Amazing view,"The room was amazing, but the reception was a little bit crowd, and the recepciones were not so helpful, the price was to expensive because of the tax, we expect one , and we receive 200,00 morenas a bill",5
2180, December 2018,Great time and great hotel,"Wonderful time and great people that run the hotel. The price was awesome for the time of year we went and good reviews on it, the food court was awesome also and very nice bar lounge area. I totally enjoyed my stay and would highly recommend it to other people.",5
2181, December 2018,Good price for location but very small,Great location to Times Square and any place you want to walk to. The room was very small and the bathroom was dirty when we arrived. There was dirty towels in the sink and the bath tub looked very dirty.,3
2182, December 2018,Miss,The hotel is in a good location and walking distance to almost everywhere unless if u wanna get stuck on traffic with a taxi. Good stay just a few issues. The hotel is in desperate need of upgrading the rooms are dirty and the cleaners don’t clean properly. The bathrooms are very tiny with mould and dirty doors. The rooms are so hot and if u try the fan it makes a massively loud noise so u can’t sleep. The walls are paper thin and u can actually listen to someone’s tv and hear all the toilet flashing . The toilet is so old fashioned u feel like u are gonna sit on the water itself coz it’s so high up. There is a good eating place in the city kitchen if u can find a chair it’s always busy but they save everything is paper plates. Some of the food is served like prison food and,3
2183, December 2018,Decently Priced. That’s it,I booked the Row Hotel becuase of the affordable price around Christmas. I will never stay here again. I received an email that allowed me to upgrade at a cost. When we arrived to said “premium” room the sheets were dirty with makeup and other stains and we had to request that they be changed. There was a ring about the tub with mildew and what looked like mold. The heater make extremely loud sounds when turned on. For the price that I paid for said upgrade I could have gone elsewhere. Do yourselves a favor and stay anywhere else.,2
2184, December 2018,Great Location,In the heart of the theater district without being in the middle of the chaos. The rooms are small but other than a coffeemaker you want for nothing. The refillable water bottle flasks are very cool and environmentally smart if used properly.,4
2185, December 2018,Great location,Very good location just a couple minutes to walk to broadway shows and Times Square. Rooms are a good size and clean. Hotel staff are friendly and helpful. Cost is excellent considering how close it is to everything. This is my second time staying here. This time I brought my family. I will stay here any time I visit the city in the future.,5
2186, December 2018,ROW hotel,Good location to time square. Rooms like all in NY are small. But beds are comfy and white sheets. As we had the fire a block away you can hear the fire trucks at 6 am waking you up. No fault of the hotel but noise does carry up the building into your room. Good view of the city from our window.,4
2187, December 2018,"Convenient, clean and reasonably priced","Located in the heart of the theater district this high rise hotel offers contemporary accommodations, an upscale food court , and spectacular views , if one gets a corner room. Fernanda checked us in and without asking we got room 2541, high enough to almost eliminate the din of honking horns , sirens , and construction work . The elevator system is modernistic but effective . The rooms are small yet comfortable. The shows we went to see were across the street which made this an excellent choice for those going to see Broadway productions . Midweek price of $140 was reasonable . Don’t bring your car . I think they charge $70 per day for parking and it’s not at the hotel !",4
2188, December 2018,Great clean hotel with awesome servicd,Beautifully clean hotel with great customer service Junior at the front desk and Delcy as a room attendant made my stay superior! They both deserve customer service awards!I will definitely be back again.,5
2189, December 2018,My 2018 NYC trip was amazing,My daughter and I went to NYC at Christmas time and chose The Row for our accommodations. We couldn’t have asked for anything better! Loved it! I will be telling everyone about The Row in NYC. It’s a great place to stay.,5
2190, December 2018,Our family loves Row NYC!,"Excellent hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Convenient to Times Square, Broadway shows, Fifth Ave. shopping, and the subway. Great value for the price, nicely updated rooms, & friendly staff. We always stay at Row when we visit NYC! Highly recommend!",5
2191, December 2018,Great Location!,"We stayed here for a long weekend a few weeks before Christmas. The location was the best! Close to Rockefeller Plaza and Times Square. The rooms were not big, but that's to be expected in NYC. The only complaint we had was the furnace made a LOT of noise. It was as if someone was trying to hammer their way out from the inside. It was incredibly loud and annoying at night. But everything else was nice.",5
2192, December 2018,Great first time... SUCKED this time!,"Let me start by saying I stayed here two years ago and it was amazing so it was a no brained to go back for this visit however something CLEARLY changed.. We just got back from a weekend staying at ROW NYC and it was HORRIBLE. Only two people checking in with a line of 20 waiting, manager unresponsive, had to move rooms because a wall of power went out then a pot party across the hall required security (who did nothing) because you couldn’t walk past without getting high and at the end they overcharged my parking. That’s not even to mention having to wait another 35 minutes at the desk just to check out and get my parking sticker stamped so they would bring my car to me and the guys holding our luggage who acted as if it were a bother because I wasn’t really sure of a specific",2
2193, December 2018,Great hotel great location defiantly will return,German on front reception went above and beyond for us to make our stay as comfortable and as enjoyable as possible. Great location in NYC defiantly will return in the coming years. Comfortable beds helpful and friendly staff.,4
2194, December 2018,Holiday,I stayed here for 5 nights me and my partner both had our drinks spiked whilst staying at the hotel. The first was a man in the lobby who put a tablet in my partners pint the guy run out of the hotel when my partner confronted him the security did nothing but did call fake police as my partner was angry. The second was last night I was sat Alone having a drink I felt awful went to my room rang my partner to come home He was refused entry into the hotel again fake police arrived and bullied my partner they would not let him attend to me I was at this point laid paralysed for hours. We were then asked to leave the hotel early this morning as we were in the wrong according to the hotel manager Steve We were the innocent party spiked twice in there hotel because we tried to,1
2195, December 2018,Our Christmas get away,"The ROW is always at the top of our list, the staff is courteous and they do try and accommodate any request. Having restaurants and places to eat in the hotel is great .It is our 7 th time New York the 6th time at the Row .",5
2196, December 2018,Wow,"Shout out to Junior at the front desk. My husband and I visiting NY for a short trip. Unfortunately we arrived late and the front desk was backed up checking in folks in a long line. We were exhausted and just wanted to get our rooms...... BUTTT never imagined customer service to completely turn around our mood. Junior was pleasant, accommodating and HOOKED it up, offered recommendations to dining areas so we were extremely happy. Give this guy a raise.... but keep him customer facing, he REPRESENTS your brand and represents it well!! Hotel is great, a nice live DJ, a bar, restaurant, heart of Times Square. Thanks Row, we will def visit again! Pic of drink to show the bar hooks it up too lol",5
2197, December 2018,A little better than I expected,"I booked the ROW for a couple nights to see a show and spend a day checking out Time Square and Rockefeller Center. The hotel is in a great location, close to everything. I had booked a package that included valet parking, so despite having to make sure I packed exactly what I needed, it was very nice not to have to worry about the car, and the rate was cheaper than some of the other hotels. Based on the hotel site's pictures, I knew the rooms were going to be small, and I was worried that my wife and I were going to be stepping on each other. Well, the rooms are small, but better than I expected. Space for bags is very limited, but a well place ironing board helped that out, and was also a handy table. The bed was comfortable, and the city view looked out on the corner of 44th",3
2198, December 2018,Customer Service makes the difference! Thanks Junior and Delcy!,"I enjoyed my 4 night stay at Row NYC! Junior at the front desk was absolutely amazing, delightful and made me feel instantly welcome. Delcy, who was my room attendant on the 27th floor, greeted me daily with smiles and laughter and happy talk! She made me feel at home here. Because of these two outstanding individuals, Junior and Delcy, I will return to the Row NYC. Their customer service and people skills exceed above and beyond the norm. Row is lucky to,have these two individuals. Thanks Delcy and Junior! I’ll be back! Patrick Driscoll",5
2199, December 2018,Ignore bad reviews! Perfect hotel,"We’ve just got back from 5 days here. I have nothing bad to say at all. We emailed requesting a city view, and got a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room with a city view! We didn’t have to queue at check in, longest we waited for the elevators was 5 mins. The hotel is a perfect location, 1 minute away from Times Square, surrounded by everything you could need! Room was spotless with an amazing view. The only thing I can say is do not buy from the shop in the hotel! $12 for 2 bottles of coke!",5
2200, December 2018,Not happy,"Interesting hotel..you wonder why there are so many people about...? Reception staff probably were recruited from a correction centre. Check in was a nightmare, promised to confirm room availability by email, which they never did, then after me emailing hotel they informed me my room was ready. So I went back and stood inline, hmm 12 deep to wait to collect my key. What is astonishing is that when I first arrived at 9am they couldn’t wait to get my credit card details but I still had to stand in line. It’s like a ymca camp. You can’t just go to reception with a complaint because there are only two people there with a mile deep of people waiting either to check in or check out, and that doesn’t matter what time you try to attempt it, although I have been down ther with no line of",1
2201, December 2018,worst staff ever,"never again you get what you pay for, had issues throughout our stay, it was my wifes and mine anniversary. first with the check in. not even a welcome or even how are you, next we are told we will get an email about our room being ready shortly nothing came.",2
2202, December 2018,Service,"Zac was absolutely amazing when we arrived after a long flight from England. Very accommodating and polite! The beds are so comfy and room is nice! Definitely recommend! It is in a great location within walking distance of broadway, times square and many attractions!",5
2203, December 2018,Nice!,Rooms were clean but small but your not in your room that long so no big deal. Bed was comfortable but not the pillows. Great location. Good price considering it was close to Christmas. Housekeeping was great. Some of the staff at check in and the bar/restaurant could have had a better attitude.,3
2204, December 2018,"Central Location, Cool Decor, Old Building, Some Housekeeping Issues","There is black material encircling each of the silver discs in the bathtub/shower space.. My plumber recently advised me on how to remove such material: Just scrape it off, or use an extra-strong abrasive cleanser to remove it. These black areas harbor micro-organisms. Just has been the case over my many years of coming here (consecutive Decembers and other months), the situation re the lack of safety bars in the bath tubs continues. There is none. What if someone falls when rising from the tub? Absolutely NO protection in any room that I've occupied over the years! Clearly, the computers need to be re-evaluated and fixed at least daily. As I write this, more than one computer is malfunctioning.",3
2205, December 2018,3 Day Getaway from Atlanta,I enjoyed my stay at The Row - it’s in a great location and has many local restaurants to choose from. Trains are in walking condition. The theatre is near the hotel. Also many shopping areas nearby. I felt very safe inside the hotel and everyone was polite,5
2206, December 2018,Elevators issues,Would give higher rating if we didn’t have to climb 14 flights of stairs to get to our room since elevators were Always full. I recommend staying on the lower floors because anyone over 13 flight will need to wait a long time for an elevator.,3
2207, December 2018,Honeymoon - not a good experience,"We are currently on our honeymoon here and we are very disappointed to say the least! My husband emailed the hotel a few weeks before our arrival to say it was our honeymoon they got back to us and says they would do everything they could to make it special!! We were excited after getting this reply, well upon arrival late at night we were greeted with a rude receptionist we didn’t get as much as a congratulations from her, She then demanded money $300 dollars to be exact $200 of this is a facilities fee which is a disgrace none of us are interested in the gym or business centre! Just the WiFi and safe, we paid it anyway. Then the further $100 will be returned if we make no damage to the room during our stay! I mean seriously?!! I said to my husband there may be a nice surprise",1
2208, December 2018,"Nice Room, Great View, Odd Issues","The room was clean and had a great view, but we waited almost an hour in line just to check into our room. There is also no quiet way to open and close room doors. Guests and room service repeatedly slammed the heavy metal doors from 1am all the way up to 11am throughout the early morning. I'm a heavy sleeper from Dallas, Tx. None of the sirens and honking kept me up just the noisy people around me.",4
2209, December 2018,New York City in December,"First time to New York City and this hotel made it part of the special experience. Friendly and professional staff, clean room with a corner view of Times Square, and a great location which allowed us to hit the pavement each morning and check out a different direction for the day.",5
2210, December 2018,The Row,Everything was really great and we were treated very well. We requested early check in and we got it! We were treated with the upmost respect by everyone on the staff. Also the hotel was a great location,5
2211, December 2018,Meh,"Decent rooms with a good location to Times Square. Bed was a little hard, but what hotel isn’t? Good food though in city kitchen that’s attached to the hotel! Cleaning staff was amazing, and kept you taken care of.",3
2212, December 2018,Second stay just as great,"My wife and I stayed recently (Dec 7-9, 2018) and everything was as good as the first time. We were in town for the Central Park Half Marathon and took the opportunity to do some Christmas shopping, see the Rockettes at Radio City, saw Kinky Boots on Broadway. The hotel location was perfect and allowed us to walk to everything. The breakfast choices on site were delicious and the bar was ideal for nightcaps. If you are heading to broadway this is the place to stay for convenience and access to some great restaurant choice around Times Square.",5
2213, December 2018,Close to Everything,"My husband came home from a 9 month deployment and we celebrated with a trip to Manhattan. This was actually my second time staying at The Row, but his first time. We loved it! The room IS small, but it's New York City. All we needed was a bed and shower and we're out exploring the city and seeing shows most of the day and evening. The location is within a block or two to Times Square, restaurants, delis, and the theatre district as well as the subway. Easy for Uber to find us too! Definitely worth it, would recommend.",5
2214, December 2018,Find another place to stay,"Arrived with a group of 12, 6 rooms booked back in July. Upon check in, each couple received different info re: rooms, room upgrades, etc. 2 Couples got free comedy club tix, 1 couple got a King upgrade for same price as the rest of group who were told we could ONLY get 2 double bed type rooms, & 1 couple were charged $200 more than the rest of the group. When asked, rude staff advised ""your friends are lucky we could charge them more too"" UNACCEPTABLE! Elevator banks are terrible, long wait time...rooms are FILTHY. Seems they don't vacuum, scummy sink wouldn't drain. Bathrooms have a sliding barn type door with gaps and no exhaust fan. Terrible situation! Had to beg for washcloths daily, maids barge into rooms without knocking, beds are literally a mattress on a box, super",1
2215, December 2018,NIce stylish hotel close to Time Sqaure,"Over all good hotels, old building but renovated, noisy as everywhere in Manhatten. Due to its size very crowdy. Locatied near to Time square and subway enables easy travel around Manhatten.Rooms are small but comfortable.",4
2216, December 2018,Exceptional Location and Value!!!,"Stay at the ROW NYC for convenience, affordability and friendliness. The location was ideal for the Theater, walking to sites and overall as a starting point for the city visiting It is also close to Restaurant Row, the best selections in food and hospitality!.",5
2217, December 2018,Nice Find,This was a lovely hotel and in a perfect location just a street away from Times Square. My partner and I caught the train from JFK into Port Authority station which was very easy and cheaper than taco or Uber. Hotel was clean and staff very helpful. I didn’t spend much time in the hotel itself however the rooms are VERY VERY small. The bathroom is very cramped. The facilities in the room were good with good wardrobe space and a huge bed! If you are looking for a place to rest your head after a long day exploring this is perfect with its location. Bar is nice and not horribly priced. Baggage hold was a bit of a disaster with so many people leaving at one time and not enough staff but still very friendly hotel.,3
2218, December 2018,A+,Great View! Great Staff! Great Service! Huge hotel with smooth service. This is an incredible formula. I definitely recommend to any tourist....very strategic location! Close to everything and easy to move around.,5
2219, December 2018,The Grinch stole a little bit of Xmas Vacation in NYC,"My overall rating was poor because the hotel provided a lack of value for the cost. Daily rate was high for such a small room. But lack of service and amenities really pushed my rating the other way. There were many issues during our 3 night stay. Understanding that they are a very busy hotel with many rooms during the holiday season, nonetheless, they seem grossly understaffed. They need a dedicated service line or team to deal with guests. The front desk was constantly busy with incoming and outgoing check in-out, and would have no time to deal with service enquiries. I phoned at various times over the 4 days only to reach no one (the phone kept ringing).Also, cleaning/housekeeping was very poor. On Friday (Dec 14th) we can came back to our room at 5 pm (after leaving for the",2
2220, December 2018,Very convenient,"We were checked in by Junior & he was very helpful. We donated to their charity and got the chance to 'spin the wheel' for prizes. We got an upgrade, free drink & tourism tax cancelled between our 2 couples. Hotel is next to Times Square and Broadway, very convenient. Rooms are basic, no kettle but 24 hour places around but it's a great place in regards to helpful staff & convenience. Room has iron & hairdryer but really missed a kettle",4
2221, December 2018,Great hotel for a weekend in the city,"A charming, comfortable hotel well-located for a weekend in NYC. Staff were welcoming and helpful. The rooms, though small, were very clean and well-appointed - and the beds were particularly soft and comfortable. Looking forward to my next stay at the Row.",5
2222, December 2018,Dont listen to the bad bits!!,"We stayed at ROW NYC for 4 nights and I have to be honest, having read some terrible reviews prior to our visit i was a little worried it would be small/dirty/loud. Well we arrived on a thursday so I think that was slightly more quiet, but we waited a short time to check in. The staff were all friendly, helpful, warm and clearly very busy!! We then went upto our room which was much bigger than expected given the reviews, with a decent view for a city, VERY comfy bed, clean, tidy and with toiletries! I appreciate it was a bit worn around the edges but no more than anywhere else of that size/age and with such capacity. I do think people have been very fussy on here review wise without consideration for the sheer volume of guests/rooms and location! Our shower was always hot and",4
2223, December 2018,Good Times Square location,"The hotel is conveniently located to Times Square and the Port Authority. It's an average hotel for the price. The room was extremely small. Overall it was fine, but nothing that is going to give you a wow factor.",3
2224, December 2018,"High price, low value",530 dollars per night even for peak seson is outrageous given the quality of the room and service. I would've expected a room with at least a bottle of water for the guests. Other hotels at lower prices offer mini-bar and coffee brewer for the morning. The room was absolutely essential. The toilet clogged and nobody apparently cared to take care of it. I had to call 3 times and finally only after I complained at midnight someone came to solve the problem.,1
2225, December 2018,"Great location, but not high quality of cleanliness","Would only stay in again if I only cared about close proximity to Times Square. Room was dirty and not worth the price. Felt secure. No coffee pot or refrigerator in room, and water from dispenser came out cloudy.",3
2226, November 2018,Staff is not prepared to deal with guests,"I had a very disagreeable experience with security staff of the hotel that are really not prepared to deal with guests. They were very rude and unpolite, with excessive roughness, with completely no reason.",3
2227, November 2018,Location location,Can’t beat the location. Rooms are small as all NY hotels they are clean beds comfortable and exactly what you need to explore this magnificent city.All the Bar staff are absolutely amazing they make your stay here so enjoyable I think I will always stay here because of them Reception staff Robert is one of the friendliest and most helpful human beings I have ever had the pleasure of meeting,4
2228, December 2018,Karen,My family and I are just home from holiday at ROW NYC and had a fantastic time. The hotel was in a perfect location to visit all the best sights in New York and the hotel itself was great. The room and bathroom were spacious and clean with maid service daily. The staff were helpful and welcoming especially Junior who checked us in. We would definitely stay again and would recommend it to our friends and family.,5
2229, December 2018,New York ROW - Poor Service for money,The rooms where more like a bac packers stay over room than a hotel room. Price was high for the quality of the room. Hot water took 10 minutes (Yes 10 minutes) to come through to tap. You are EXPECTED to pay $30 for facilities even if you don't want them. Very Poor.,1
2230, December 2018,Still good!,"Second time staying here, and we got an upgrade to a front view room. 11th floor, the higher the floor, better room. We didn't use any of the facilities outside the room, apart from WiFi which is good.I do think, however, the rooms are looking a little tatty, our bathroom was badly painted and we also had a cockroach in there!Would possibly stay somewhere else next trip.",3
2231, December 2018,Convenient to Broadway Theaters,"Very convenient location (Broadway, MTA E train) with very good restaurants in house. My room with a view didn't have much of a view this stay; I had much better views during earlier stays. Room could have been cleaner, but I really didn't care.",4
2232, December 2018,Great place in the thick of Broadway,"Loved the location and the room was very nice - what more can you ask for in Midtown Manhattan? The elevator system kept things movie and everyone was very friendly and helpful - front desk, housekeeping, doorman, etc.",5
2233, December 2018,"great location, even better service","Rooms a little small, but made up for by the great service at all levels, from checking in with Zac to the cleaner in the hall to the great coffee at the breakfast bar. A shout out to the hotel staff, made a holiday trip a happy one!",4
2234, December 2018,Great service,After arriving late in the evening the staff were more than welcoming especially zac & Paola they helped us sort a couple of problems that we had with the reservation. The hotel is clean & smart and in a great location. We would definitely recommend roe nyc to family and friends,5
2235, December 2018,Great customer service,We wanted a bigger room and Cristina T. from reception arrenged it to us right away.Excellent customer service from her! Customers comfort is clearly a priority for her. Definitely going to enjoy our stay in Row NYC. Highly recommend.,5
2236, December 2018,Great Location & Decent Hotel,"Overall the experience was good. The location was great and price was rather reasonable. Zac was very helpful when we checked-in, so we were able to get to our room quickly. The breakfast cafe in the morning was very limited and the holiday decor was abysmal by comparison of the rest of the city, but I would stay here again.",4
2237, December 2018,Wouldn't revisit.,"Having visited New York once before and staying in an old-fashioned hotel, I thought I would go modern on this occasion. Don't let the photographs fool you, this hotel is average. Upon checking in, you get given your room keycard and room number - nothing else. You then have to figure out how to access the lifts to each floor, as not all the lifts go to each floor. The lifts are hit and miss - you could be waiting a while! The corridors are very dark and dingy and when you eventually arrive in your room, you aren't greeted by anything much more spectacular. We only had one keycard that worked to start with. The room was dated, it needed a complete facelift as there were bits of broken skirting board, scuffs and stains on fabrics and the carpet was filthy. I was",3
2238, December 2018,Disaster,"I can’t reccomend the hotel. Room was very small and old. Was really untidy, were a lot of hairs, awful! Behind the bed never clean for sure. I asked about an upgrade room, but was impossible. So I checkout after one night.",1
2239, December 2018,"Good location, clean","The location for this hotel was great, near Times Square and subway. The rooms were a decent size for NYC, but the electrical plugs in the rooms did not work and the elevators had typical NYC issues in the morning. Otherwise a great hotel.",4
2240, December 2018,Excellent Hotel,Stayed here for 5 nights and could not fault the Hotel. Located in a great location very close to Times Square and loads of shops it really is the place to go. Room was cleaned daily with fresh towels and could not fault this hotel!,5
2241, December 2018,"Cozy, Convenient and Close to Sights!","I decided to switch it up and stay at a ""boutique"" hotel. This hotel was larger than I expected but was great. It reminded me of hotels I stay in when in Asia. Small rooms and good use of space. Staff was nice. I wish there was room service because I had to work and didn't have time to always go out. The location is convenient to the subway which is across the street, in the theater district, a couple of blocks from Copacabana and a long stroll to Rockefeller Center. It is a subway stop from Penn station. The restaurants in the area are just OK, and a little pricey so you have to walk a few blocks from Time Square to get decent food. If in the area and the price is right I would stay here again.",4
2242, December 2018,Excellent Location,"Liked the location of the hotel, but not necessarily what I had hoped for in comparison to the price they charge. Some pluses - some minuses - liked the availability of food 24/7 at reasonable prices -not bad but not outstanding.",3
2243, December 2018,honeymoon,"Upgraded our room for free, complimentary breakfast and drink, bubbly delivered to our room and fresh fruit basket the staff were very friendly and helpful, short walk to Times Square. Would definitely stay there again",5
2244, December 2018,Great Hotel,"The hotel had perfect water pressure, and the hot water stayed through out the whole shower. The room was very cozy and comfortable. It was clean. The staff was impeccable. Front check in to check out it was a great experience.",5
2245, December 2018,Great locations less than mediocre room,I think the only reason I was surprised was because the pictures were so outdated and room was so small. Otherwise I wouldn’t have been so disappointed. The staff was very nice and helpful and location was prime,3
2246, December 2018,ROW NYC,Was not too happy w/ this hotel stay this time. Price was High. Room was a sauna. Bed was low to the floor. Bathroom was small and gross. I was just not happy with my hotel choice at all. Especially for the price I paid,3
2247, December 2018,Great location. Felt safe,We were 3 friends staying at the hotel. We had a fantastic time. The staff were very helpful and Alexandra in sales excelled herself and was extremely helpful. The door men and the security men made us feel safe. The rooms were plenty spacious and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel was in a perfect location right off times square. We will defo be back. We could not recommend the hotel enough.,5
2248, November 2018,boutique hotel - rooms need revamping,"Stayed in NYC for 4 days and had a slight blip at the beginning of our stay . Arriving at midnight should have been straight forward but the hotel had given our room away. The helpful staff member gave us multiple options of staying in a adapted room for one night until they could change our room. They waved our room tax for the inconvenience, which was very generous. anyway, the rooms are clean. Bathrooms are small and little dated.All mod cons but not kettle? Great view of over the front of 8th avenue. Wi-fi is not great and is not secure. The lobby is gorgeous but very dim even during the day.Tried the café/diner/bistro for breakfast one morning and it one health juice was $11!!. there are plenty of diners opposite for cheap or go round the corner to times square for slightly",3
2249, December 2018,Perfect Time at Row,"I've really enjoyed the location of the hotel and my room was great and clean. It's perfect to going around:time square, top of the rock, 5th ave, central Park. You have a lot of restaurants all around hell's kitchen",5
2250, December 2018,First visit to The Row,Recently stayed at The Row and it was very convenient to subway station and walkable to many popular sights. Loved have the market available to buy good right in the hotel lobby and plenty of choices. Thanks to Zac for giving us a great run down of everything when we checked in.,5
2251, December 2018,Repeat Customer,"This was the fourth year staying at this hotel for me. It is a budget hotel for sure...but the most affordable place in this area. The rooms are small, but in NY how much time do you spend in your room? The elevator system works very efficiently. What I really love about this place is the location.... right out the door and a short distance to the corner for the subway to just about anywhere. Also there’s tons of places to eat nearby, including vegan and vegetarian options for me, plus my theater locations were literally right around the corner. I always recommend to people to bring earplugs for sleeping at any hotel in NYC. So I get a good night’s sleep because I don’t hear the sometimes frequent sirens. I’ve seen people complain the lobby/entrance area is too busy; well",4
2252, December 2018,Great price and location,This is the perfect price and location to see the sites and restaurants in Manhattan. Walking distance from lots of interesting places. Rooms were clean and staff helpful. Great access control to elevators. Fast check-in. I strongly recommend this hotel for ur future visit to NYC,5
2253, December 2018,1st time in NYC,1st time to NYC! Amazing location! Basic but clean and very comfy bed! Junior was very welcoming on reception! Very secure as needed to show key to gain entry! Couldn’t have had a better location for all attractions.,5
2254, December 2018,Dissapointed,"First time in New York, breakfast is a continental which is fair enough, however staff confirmed you can’t have certain items from the selection they had on the counter. Oh you had to pay $10 for the yoghurt with granola. No black tea, no salt for the eggs. Go to the bar for a drink no brandy? That’s if you could muster a smile from the girl at the bar. Rooms very small even with an upgrade bathroom no room to swing a cat. Lobby toilets, you have to have a room pass to open them not much good when you have to check out at 12 and you have to leave the hotel much later. In fact I am bemused about everything in this hotel and I am very well travelled. In fact the Only good thing is the WiFi and free international calls, that’s if you get a line? Wouldn’t book again if it was FOC.",2
2255, December 2018,Amazing experience at ROW NYC,"Great friendly staff, Junior at check in was extremely helpful and welcoming, he deserves an award for the friendly service he provided which kicked off a great vacation. Great location too, just off Times Square and easy to get to the sites!",5
2256, December 2018,Amazing location,"Amazing location close to all theaters, shopping, restaurants and sight seeing. Friendly staff. Fast food restaurants inside hotel very convenient. Small rooms but clean and comfortable bed. Although hotel was busy elevators were surprisingly fast.",4
2257, November 2018,NYC all around you,"It is not the first time that I stay at Row as I think its location is very good, near many attractions and also the subway. Last time I had a very nice surprise to be welcomed by Junior at the front desk. He is a brazilian guy, very friendly and helped me to find, on the internet, a place that sell an specific medicine I could not find at any drugstore near the hotel. He was always ready to help and I thank him. I can reccomend the hotel Row!",4
2258, December 2018,Chill time,"At this time of year it is extremely expensive to stay in Manhattan. My travel agent suggested the ROW. The location is excellent, very central and felt very safe. The M bar was good for a platter and drink after a long day of exploring. The staff were mixed. The men bit to “cool for school” and being an older female but still holding her own, they didn’t take any notice of me. There was a lovely young lady that was fabulous and each night really looked after me. The check in was good quick. There is a resort levy of about $35 per day for free WiFi, water bottle in the room and access to ice and water machine. The room was clean but small and for the cost ( compared to what you would get in Australia) basic. The power plugs beside the bed didn’t work and despite reporting this",4
2259, December 2018,Great trip,Got checked in by Cristina.T and she was extremely welcoming. She provided efficient and lovely service with a smile. An asset to the company. Our rooms were lovely and clean and a great base for our trip. Will definitely be back again :),5
2260, December 2018,"Convenient Location, Average to Good Room, Mixed Service","Recently stayed at ROW NYC, conveniently located a block or so from Times Square and in heart of theater district. Attractive lobby and convenient a la cart eating options. Did not order the breakfast plan which seemed very expensive. But ordering a few individual items also very expensive. (For an amazing breakfast best to stay at the Marriot Marquis at Times Square if you can afford it.) Valet and check in service staff were very helpful and personable (Car arrived quickly and unmarred at check out time.) Lines moved quickly at check in. We were needlessly directed by cleaning staff to bring our bags to lower level to check-in before going to the main desk for pre-check-in; may have been a language / communication issue there. Wished we had 4 towels instead of 3",3
2261, December 2018,Great Location,"We have just spent a week at this hotel. It’s a fantastic location to get round New York. You maybe a little overwhelmed when you arrive, the foyer is very very busy. Our room was warm without being to stuffy, very comfy bed, great view and I never found it to noise, would have liked coffee and tea and kettle but apart from that couldn’t complain. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I came back to New York",4
2262, December 2018,Horrible experience all around,"Look elsewhere!!! This place is not worth it, my room was the smallest I’ve ever seen. It was dirty and I had to pay $700 of my hard earned dollars for absolutely nothing. Would never recommend it to anyone. Sheets were dirty, no coffee, water...absolutely NOTHING in the room at all for them to have the nerve to charge so much. Do yourself a favor and book another hotel.",1
2263, December 2018,Adequate but convenient.,"I had stayed there 14 years ago and was not prepared to do it again, but my wife was impressed by the refurbishment (the coloured walls!). We were upgraded to a corner room without charge, so that was good. Surprised there were no tea/coffee making or fridge. But it was warm (once they fixed the heater), the lifts (to 26th floor) were efficient, the bathroom small but adequate and it is extremely convenient. We would use it again.",4
2264, November 2018,Perfect location,"This was the second time I stayed here. The staff are friendly and helpful - the bar staff even remembered my drink from last year! The hotel is close to Times Square, Broadway and the Port Authority bus station so everything is close by. The room was clean and spacious.",5
2265, November 2018,New York at Chrisstma Magic,The Row hotel I thought was average The room was small the bathroom was very very small but for a short visit it was durable but a great location right on time square but in saying that we took the hop on hop off bus New York is a place to see great sight seeing the people I found very helpful polite and courteous the amount of show that were on such a choice,3
2266, December 2018,Perfect!,"Perfect location! On check in we donated to their chosen charity and got a upgraded room with times square view, was certainly worth it. Informed the hotel I was celebrating a birthday and when we returned to our room they had left a card & 2 x drinks vouchers. Staff very friendly and lovely clean rooms. Couldnt fault it. Would deffo return.",5
2267, December 2018,Average Hotel Room - clean and practical; nothing fancy about it but good location,"Standard room - comfortable bed, good view of city, good location, and clean but quite small and nothing really luxurious about it. It is in the heart of Times Square so if you plan to be outside of your hotel room most of the day, it is totally fine. Also, gym is bigger than expected which was a nice plus!",3
2268, December 2018,Felt at home!,"My daughter and I had only 5 nights to spend in NYC so I thought staying right in the middle of everything was really important. What I didn't know was that Junior, a Brazilian front office attendant would make our stay so much better, by being helpful, friendly and also funny, we arrived there tired but after our conversation while he checked us in we already felt so relaxed that we were ready to go explore the city! He took care of each little detail and that made all the difference!!! Now my home in NYC is the Row Hotel!",5
2269, November 2018,Excellent location,Brilliant location. Close to time square and broadway. Frozen the musical is just round the corner. Room was small but we weren’t in the room for long because we were busy sightseeing. No room service but there is an onsite food court. Clean and modern. Only downside we were woken up a few times by drunk people banging on doors. Maybe more security Is needed.,4
2270, December 2018,The ROW NYC Review,Great spot. Great options within the Hotel. Be careful when booking. The rates they show you are not the rates you’ll pay. Final bill was $200 more that estimated price. I booked my reservation through The Row’s own website.,4
2271, December 2018,Overnight Delight,"I was in New York from DC for our office holiday party. I wish I had reserved tickets for a show as the location is so close to the theatre, and stores, food etc. The staff was excellent - courteous, helpful and polished.",4
2272, December 2018,Amazing!,Amazing stay. The location is great. Close to all the shops and broadway shows. The lobby has a very modern style. Room had a nice view of the streets of NYC. Will definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.,5
2273, December 2018,5* Service,We arrived The Row Hotel exhausted and ready to settle to find our travel agent had made a mistake and booked us in on the wrong date. The lady on reception Christina T was efficient and despite being full subscribed settled us into the hotel as she could see how exhausted we both were. The hotel room is small but perfect for a trip to New York I cannot imagine many folk would wish to remain in their hotel room when your so close to Times Square. Location is amazing!! Would recommend,5
2274, December 2018,"Used to be a good hotel to stay at, will not be back.","I have stayed at this hotel many times over the last 20 years, but after this stay, I will never stay here again. The place was dirty, and poor maintenance is observed every where. The price paid for this stay is not worth dealing with the issues that I experienced. Some staff were very nice and professional, but there were a few that I would not want to interface with again. Food service was great and that is about all the good things I can say.",1
2275, November 2018,the perfect hotel for a holiday at NYC,"the perfect hotel for a holiday at NYC, it has a great position very close to Time Square, the room was very confortable, the breakfast was very good, ice and fresh water were disponible free at the floors",5
2276, December 2018,Good location,"Very friendly staff! Hotel associate douglas was the best, he was very friendly and ready to help! Hotel is next to times square and right around the corner are broadway theaters. + clean rooms with good air conditioning",5
2277, December 2018,Nice Hotel,"Hotel is located in a great part of New York City. Close to Times Square, The Theatre District & about a 25 minute walk to Central Park & is easy walking distance to the Shopping District. Clean & comfortable with great service. There is a restaurant & bar plus a small convenience store all located within the hotel. If there is one criticism, it is that tea & coffee facilities are not available in room. I would book this hotel again.",5
2278, December 2018,Great location,"Fantastic central location. The staff were very friendly, Junior went over and above to make us all feel welcome for our first time in NYC. We were lucky to have a fantastic view of the city from our room!",5
2279, December 2018,Very friendly and welcoming,"Such a warm and friendly greeting from Junior at reception. We travelled from the UK through the night and it was wonderful to have such a lovely welcome to the hotel. Great location, One street away from Time Square, amazing bakery just across the road too! Would def stay at this hotel again. C King",4
2280, December 2018,Great hospitality and service,"Hey Great location, great service of Row NYC indeed... Specially the staff is really good.. crestina.t is really helpfull on front desk.. I always stay here whenever I visit next York.. really happening place",5
2281, December 2018,My First Visit To The States,"Arrived late in the evening and the receptionist was ok I guess (except for his blocked nose that he tried to clear by excessive sniffing up). We were told our room number and floor it was situated. When we entered our room I was shocked! It certainly didn't look like any of the rooms on the Row NYC website, it was small, cramped and had a view of a wall. The air con was blasting out cool air which we swiftly turned off because the temperature was around 34 degrees Fahrenheit outside. The only plus side was it was clean and tidy, but it was basic to say the least. I will certainly visit New York again, but I'll find another hotel.",3
2282, December 2018,Expensive room with low quality,The room was $550 and it's wayyyy too small. It comes with only one queen and no bottled water. Very disappointed with the room. Looks like they spent all their money on the Lobby and have nothing left for the rooms.,1
2283, December 2018,Somehow dissappointed,Excellent location. Speedy and accurate elevators system. No wasted elevator's time Nice settings: back to the future hippie's era. Overall cleanliness OK. Recommended if you are not too demandingBreakfast included a plus,4
2284, December 2018,Fantastic,"I booked this hotel for my 50th & wasn’t disappointed 1 bit, fantastic location & the staff can’t do enough for you,I was upgraded to a deluxe room for my birthday so when we arrived karena came to the door with balloons & drink vouchers for me I wasn’t expecting anything like that but they do go the extra mile for they’re guests. I will definitely be back at this hotel.",5
2285, December 2018,Skid Row is Appropriate,"Along with a group, we were slated to stay here for our weekend stay. What a mess of a place. The staff members, mgt, area, were as inept as any I've eve encountered. The Proverbial, ""passing the buck"" is paramount here. The staff to perform check in and out, were much like bank tellers, at their stations, but not reviewing patrons. With some five stations, only three would see a patron. The room deor is a left over palate from Halloween, orange, white and black???? The size is perhaps 12 x 15. We paid to have our luggage cared for....@$6.50 per case....they were tossing them worse than the airline crews...The main entry way has serious signs of deterioration, simply look at the steps...they are chipped all over. the corner rooms are laid out on a zig-zag, not on a 90 degree",2
2286, December 2018,Clean and the best location,"Stayed here as a family of 4 for my cousins 18th birthday present. The hotel is in an amazing location. Almost central of NY, subway station on the corner, and a few streets on from Times Square! Pre arrival I’d emailed the hotel letting them know it was a special occasion and my cousin would be 18 on the 2nd day of our stay. They responded promptly asking for her name and dates we were staying with them. I assumed this meant they would leave a little something in our room.. possibly a small token gift or even a happy birthday message.. but nothing appeared which was very disappointing. Check in/check out very fast no problems encountered. Resort fee was reasonable as WiFi was a good speed. Hotel lobby and other areas of hotel very clean and well maintained. We stayed in",4
2287, December 2018,"Decent hotel, terrible wifi","This hotel was nicely situated near Times Square, but the wifi was horribly spotty. I was here on business and was working much of the time I was in the hotel. I had to use my own personal hotspot from my phone when I was working in the room. We're not even talking about needing to stream video - I was just mainly using email and working with google spreadsheets. The wifi could not even handle that.",3
2288, December 2018,Take the good with the bad,"Staff was very nice. Room was clean and internet/tv was good. Terrible sound proofing so you hear all of your neighbors. Continental breakfast is not a good experience or selection. Be sure to check your credit card during and after you stay, screw up billing easily.",3
2289, December 2018,Terrible Service,"Rooms were okay for price and location. However We were accused of smoking in our room and were locked out of our room after being out all day then charged an additional $350. We waited for two hours for security to come look at our room again, they never showed. My husband spoke to the the early morning mgr to explain what may have happened. He didn't care. There were also hairs in the bathroom so we purchased cleaning supplies to clean ourselves. Would never stay here again or recommend to anyone unless they were desperate. You can get a room there for ~$300 if you use Hotel Tonight app the same day. That's really about what it's worth.",2
2290, December 2018,Would not recommend.,"We were visiting NYC for a birthday and holiday trip. We chose the hotel because of its location and a recommendation from a friend. The photos of the rooms on the website looked bright, clean and spacious. The room was none of those things. Almost too small for just two people.",1
2291, December 2018,Another business trip to NYC,"The people, the check in process and the property are unexpectedly friendly and easy. As crowded as NYC is, this hotel makes it easy to check in and out and the employees are extremely helpful. Thank you Shantelle",5
2292, November 2018,Great location!,Everything on your doorstep. Room a bit small and not much space for clothes and storage but a clean comfy place to sleep.A few false alarms went off but a tanoy system in room told us not to evacuate. This hotel is being used for homeless families but security checks ensure only residents gain access too the elevators.,3
2293, December 2018,Hey it’s NYC,"Spent 4 nights here in a Queen full city view room, having read the review was quietly dreading our stay. However it was very good, no issues checking in or out. No long wait for the lift, nor any dreaded smell in the hallway. Yes the room was a tad dated and could do with a bit of TLC, and the surfaces were a bit grubby. But once I had popped out and got some wipes, it was fine. Staff are very friendly and the location is amazing, and really all you are doing is sleeping off long days in the City. What I didn’t realise this hotel has 1,300 rooms that’s a huge footfall so I can understand that the hotel does look a little tired. But the staff and location was brilliant and made up for the decor . Thanks for a great week. Top tips; Avoid Juniors it’s overpriced and",4
2294, November 2018,Another great stay at the Row,Great location. Speedy checking and key drop for checkout. Junior the check in guy was very welcoming. Room v clean. Unable to get late checkout but guys in the baggage hold were so helpful and friendly. Hopefully be back soon A+,5
2295, November 2018,Vennyl 2018,"Great hotel. Beautiful view. Excellent place to know NY. Near everywhere.But, fast food is not enough. Travelers need a restaurant in Row Hotel class. I recommend widely to my friends, young and old..",4
2296, November 2018,Row NYC Black Friday Weekend,What a great location. Not my first time and certainly not the last time I will stay here. We walked everywhere. We did not use any services in the hotel except the City Kitchen. So convenient to grab a snack.,5
2297, November 2018,Pleasantly Surprised!,"I didn't know what to expect when I booked this hotel after reading very mixed reviews about it. Having booked the Standard Room I wasn't expecting much, but what a pleasant surprise. The room was spacious and bright, and the front desk gentleman was super nice when he assigned us a corner room (I asked him if it would be possible to have a room with a window view and he gave us two windows! With great views of the buzzing Theater District!). Room service was fine: clean room and fresh towels everyday, as expected. The hotel has a modern, relaxed vibe and it is always busy. It offers a food market with great options. We tried a couple of them and the food was delicious. Its location is fantastic! If you like the buzz of NY, you will be right in the middle of it (There's a lot of",4
2298, November 2018,Amazing experience,"Amazing experience and a very good location to stay in New York.Modern hotel and staff very nice. Near to Times Square and Broadway, a lot off restaurants around and near to the subway.You can also do almost everything walk. Rochefeller center, central park....",4
2299, December 2018,Annual December Trip,"This is the 4th year that my friends and I have stayed at Row in December. This is the first year that the hotel charged $50 for you to enter your room early, even though the room is available. I think this is a ridiculous added charge. We will rethink where we will stay next December.",3
2300, December 2018,"Scam, avoid it, do not come for any reason","Row NYC is worse than many 2 stars motel I have seen during my travels. The official pictures are photoshopped, the rooms are old, the bathroom is disgusting and the hotel overall is so bad that I cannot understand how it can legally put 4 stars on the door. To understand how bad it can be, consider that it is in a building of 1920s never properly restored. On top of this, the noise from the street is very loud, also during the night. We have no words to explain how much disappointed we are about having been deceived so badly.",1
2301, November 2018,Staff attitude,"Excellent location but staff assistance and attitude was terrible,we had a mix up in our rates and they were refusing to review our point or review queries around overcharging. Manager would not talk to us.",2
2302, November 2018,family trip,Wish there was coffee in the rooms. The rooms are small but ok. The bathrooms are very small but somewhat workable. I have stayed several times at this hotel. I like that it is so close to Times Square.,4
2303, December 2018,Service is everything!!,"Checked in last night and experience was horrible the to check-in. Take in mind is 30° outside, 8pm with 2 kids(2 and 4 yrs of age) and we just came in the hotel! The guy at the reception starts to complain because of my kids, instead of looking for a solution for my family and being unpolight. I'm not going to continue because the manager was the same mood too! They wanted to charge more and more, were I booked said 36.99 in service fee, they instead charged 50 per night and then another fee because of my kids! Saying that were fully booked while on other booking sites they had over 17 room option to stay!!! At the other day I went to reception and talked to MARIEL. Wow I just wish the hotel had more employees like her, so kind and delivered the same simple message that the",3
2304, December 2018,Good location,"This hotel is in a great location if you plan to hit Broadway / Time Square or if you are looking for the touristy NYC experience. Rooms are on the small side but for the price you can live with it. Don't spend too much time in your room, go out and explore. Booking over the phone can be a bit of a hassle. we were given one rate, called back 20 mins later to book, talked with the same person and he had no idea about what he had just told us. The rate was then $40 more expensive. He worked with us but when we checked in it was all wrong. The front desk staff and manager (Irish guy) helped us out and were very accomodating.",3
2305, September 2018,Love love love,"As the title says I absolutely love this hotel, this was our third time staying, front desk were so helpful, room was high up and spacious , cleaning was done every day as needed. Location is excellent and I will always recommend this hotel for anyone visiting the city .",5
2306, December 2018,Christmas on NYC,Love this hotel! Very beautiful. Rooms are nice and so comfortable. We slept like a baby after our first night. We had an incredible city view. The staff was excellent and quite friendly. We really enjoyed the bar at the hotel and the location can't be beat! We will be back!!!,5
2307, November 2018,Would not recommend or return,"Unfortunately this hotel was very disappointing overall, but the good news is - we spent very little time in the room. The service was poor, the rooms were fairly clean but extremely small and out of date.",1
2308, December 2018,It’s not a hotel but a MOTEL,"Bad experience. Dirty, small and noisy. Management doesn’t really seems to be interested in training their staff. How can you have your housekeeper coming to your room every morning when you are in your room? No do not disturb sign provided. Housekeeping department is a failure. Rooms are terribly small and no facilities at all. What is the facilities charges for???? All these extra charges are unnecessary. It’s not a hotel but a motel.",1
2309, December 2018,OK place to be at a payable price,"This hotel is clean, the bed is good. People are friendly. So, all in all it is OK. I still am not used to prices in NYC. The hotel is a bit shabby, best days gone. Room is a bit small, though I took the luxe one with view on city. I haven't tried the food yet. However, the location is great. Taxi's a bit difficult to get, but Uber is around as well. So, all in all I find it average.",3
2310, December 2018,Enjoyable Stay,"Just returned home from the Row NYC today and had an absolutely amazing time. The hotel welcome was very good, we were impressed with the decor of the lobby and were checked in promptly and efficiently. The guy who checked us in picked up on the fact we were celebrating a birthday and upgraded our room to one on the 26th floor with a view - we were really grateful as the view was spectacular. The room itself I have to be honest was a little disappointing - it was a bit tired and grubby, don’t get me wrong it was still nice, it just needed a bit of tlc. The goods - it was compact but not too much so, nice bathroom, good view, comfy bed. The bads: The windows were a bit dirty, the ceiling was cracking around the loud heater which kept throwing clumps of dust down onto our bed.",4
2311, December 2018,Never Again,"We went for a weekend of holiday fun and Broadway shows. The good about this hotel: midtown location and City Kitchen. The bad: room was dirty, noisy from traffic outside, WiFi kept dropping out, bathroom door stuck open, and the hallways smelled like pot. The room was so bad it was comical.",1
2312, December 2018,Newlyweds trip in NCY,"We have just checked in to the wonderful Row NCY on our first ever trip to New York to celebrate our Honeymoon. Our check-in was an absolute delight and we couldn’t have asked for a better start to our trip. Our room on the 25th floor has a stunning view of the Hudson River & 8th Street. We are super excited to spend the next 2 weeks here exploring the city, with all main attractions within blocks of our hotel. Anyone looking for a perfectly located hotel with great staff, this is your hotel. Highly recommend.",5
2313, October 2018,Simply last choice,"Check in was slow and not properly done. Key didn’t work when reached room, had to come down to reception again for replacement. Lift crowded and slow. Corridor to rooms narrow and dimly lit with retro motif but sure doesn’t seem to serve the purpose. More like a cheap dingy love hotel setup. Room door are not sound proof and over a day, footsteps and noise can be heard. Wow the carpets are just black and definitely looks filthy and not cleaned and maintained. Toilet narrow and simply Difficult to manuevre around. Noisy heating. Bed is ok, sheets seems clean. 4 days of stay here were the most discomforting I had for a Long time. Location is good, smacked in the NY main action, Times Square.",1
2314, November 2018,New York city break,"Recommendation from Virgin travel, great location for our base. Room clean tidy and well equipped, size not great but that seems thenorm in New York, staff were helpful yet professional, additional facilities were good.",5
2315, November 2018,Row,"No good expireince, the bed wrost, the hitting didn’t work, we changed of room and we have a terrible experience again, because the room was very hot.The water in the tube was dirty, we can not take a shower",2
2316, November 2018,Fun in NYC,Fun time with friends. Hope to keep the tradition going for a long time. And a perfect location where it is located in the area close to everything and easy to walk to see things. Close to shopping and to restaurant row.,5
2317, December 2018,"Disappointing hotel, not clean, could not wait to leave.","Hotel was so disappointing. The room was sold as a room for three, it was not!! It was small - tiny even for New York... the room was dirty, the carpets were filthy. The bathroom was even worse... the bath/shower had not been cleaned. All around the bath was full of ring marks from the previous guests .. The room had an industrial air conditioning unit outside the window and the noise was awful. Busy hotel, great location. the staff were lovely. But I would not recommend it.. if you're used to a better class of hotel avoid!!",1
2318, November 2018,Room clean and nice and staff very helpful,"The main part of the hotel (lobby and service ares) do not look as nice as hoped, but the room was up to date, clean and nice. The staff was friendly and helpful and the luggage staff on the bottom floor took very careful care of my daughters cello we left for 5 hours on the day we were departing.",4
2319, November 2018,Overall a good experience,"We were visiting for a night and the hotel was conveniently located around major attractions and the staff were all friendly.Unfortunately an inconsiderate guest decided to smoke in the hallway and the smell permeated the whole floor. I don’t know if they caught them or not, but it caused my allergies to flare up as it circulated through everyone’s rooms during the night. The cleaning staff were as unhappy about it as everyone else was but they were friendly and we enjoyed chatting with them while waiting for the elevator as they prepared to clean and attempt to remove the smell from Smokey McA-holes night cig.",5
2320, November 2018,Pay lil more and make ur life easier,"The hotel is cheap, crowded, bad cleaning service, small room, tv sometimes has no signal, check in times is 4 clock !! Door keys ( cards) had to replace them everyday !! No refrigerator in the room ice machine in top floor, the only good thing is iron machine and pad in every room.",2
2321, December 2018,Worst service ever,Just stayed there for 5 nights while in NYC. Away from 7AM to 8PM but nobody cleaned the room... called 3 times to get someone bringing towels + shampoos and finally receptionist staff hang up the line...nobody care...,1
2322, December 2018,Was not what was expected.,"Good luck trying to get a live agent on the phone. I spent an hour an a half trying to get someone so I could inform them I would be arriving later than expected. -The heater made an awful sizzelling noise any time it turned on. -The toilet made a loud squeal type sound when you flushed it -Sink didn't drain properly and the floor of the tub was awful..it looked fine but when you stepped on it, it moved all over and made popping sounds. -Bathroom door doesn't actually connect, just a sliding door. I believe it doesn't lock either.. So if you arent sharing a room with family or a significant other it could be uncomfortable. No plug by the bed...its 2018 No TV guide of any sort. The first doorman we met was rude, Phone was all crackley, couldnt hear anything anyone said",2
2323, November 2018,Birthday Break,"Very disappointed to find out that this hotel, which is well situated for restaurants, theatres and Times Square, did not have tea or coffee making facilities in room. Also to be billed for services that we did not use or had no requirement of. $150 for a 5 night stay for use of Gym, Business Centre, Ice making machine and water. In general the décor is very dark and bedrooms could be doing with better soundproofing. Do not deposit your room key until minutes before departure as all toilets in reception area require it for entry. Baggage storage attendant and concierge were extremely helpful.",2
2324, November 2018,Hidden fees and dirty rooms,Be aware that the hotel „sells“ free internet and long distance calls and sport facilities and then charges you USD 35 per day for it (without telling you in advance). Rooms are dirty and you hear the streets pretty loudly - truly bad experience. In the area around ROW find other suitable places which treat guests fairly.,1
2325, November 2018,No complaints,Just back from four nights at this hotel On 27th floor . Perfect location for exploring the city we walked to most things very easily . Great views from our room . Staff friendly and no issues with lifts . Would return as it’s great location for a reasonable price . Some tips if traveling to New York for the first time Take comfy shoes/ clothes - lots of walking involved Use the subway it’s the cheapest and quickest way to get around Buy a city pass / better value for money We ate breakfast at juniors every day a short walk from hotel and also The mean fiddler - great Irish bar with nice food . Few blocks from hotel,5
2326, November 2018,weekend stay,"Room 2317. Really nothing to complain about. We got our room upgraded for free when the check-in staff realised we wouldn't be comfortable in the size of the beds. This was a problem with a 3rd-party booking company and NOT the hotel. That was amazing and much appreciated. Good security at the elevator bank - we needed to show our room key almost every time. Room was very clean when we checked in and since we were only there three nights we just kept the ""Do Not Disturb"" sign on the door. Cleaning staff were very friendly when we met them in the hall and asked if we needed anything. Lobby looks very hip, very now. I felt old in comparison. Bed very comfortable and room was quiet - we faced the interior courtyard - but the heating unit was a bit noisy. Room had been renovated",4
2327, November 2018,Nice,"Nice location, super service of security’s and very nice place to stay if you go to New York on vacations. You need to try de lobster roll in the restaurant in the hotel very good food on there but need to serve more but very good the taste.",5
2328, November 2018,It is really excellent,"The service is verry kind and all the employees are so polite. The location is really verry important for me and ROW NYC has one of the best in my opion. It is located near some restaurants, theaters, pharmacys and all sort of convenience. The room was very clean and the view is amazing. The shower is really hot and nice.",5
2329, November 2018,Great value for money in the heart of the city!,"I have never understood why this hotel is underrated. It’s in the heart of the city, has good service, a great bar with live music many nights, a fantastic food court, a good gym, and a wide variety of well priced rooms and an efficient concierge service. Just spend a little extra to keep away from tiny rooms or ones by the elevators and you’ll be fine. It’s NYC, so don’t expect huge rooms unless your willing to spend a fortune. Otherwise, ROW is one of the best choices in town. And I have been to many hotels in the city.",5
2330, November 2018,Very good,Row Hotel is a very conveniently located Hotel nearby Times Square but not right in the middle of the action. The Price you pay is very reasonable and the facilities are good and clean. The only thing not that good is the brekfast service as there are not too many options.,5
2331, November 2018,Great Stay,"Booked in to a really friendly greeting and warm welcome. Room compact but clean, perfect for a central base. The area is great for access to everything that you want. Plenty of eating places around. My only niggle was the rude abrupt member of staff who we encountered on Thanksgiving in the bar area. We had just sat down with a cup of coffee bought at the bar with two suitcases as we were waiting for pick up, to be told very abruptly, that the bar is closed and we had to move. Now I'd just purchased two drinks and had sat down within the designated area, with luggage and a tired 71 year old mother to be rudely evicted. The staff member informed me that I needed to move NOW and would not be allowed to finish drinking my coffee before we moved. Why they chose to close the",5
2332, November 2018,My 5 day stay at row ny,"There were no facilities in the room for coffee or a fridge to cool things the bar staff were dismissive and unhelpful. The food in the city kitchen was of poor quality. The bath had not been cleaned properly for some time mould found around faucet which on filling the bath went into the bath water the toilet needed to be unblocked shortly after booking in. First night had access to four towels for 2 people, on having room cleaned 3 towels from then on. Rubbish not removed from room such as pizza box of coffee cups only rubbish removed from small bin access. Concerge were dismissive and unhelpful, presented as not wanting to be disturbed.",2
2333, November 2018,Thanks Giving in New York,"1. It was 19hour direct flight from Singapore to Newark. The bus ride from the airport took us about 40min. Traffic was light due to Thanksgiving Days. 2. I’m allocate on the 24 floor with one king size beds. The front desk manager was very accommodating by changing our room with two queen size on the 18floor. Thanks You. 3. The room was decent in size with full of modern amenities. Well decor & arrangements. 4. The housekeeping supervisor was kind checking everything is good & do we need anything. 5. So far, all the hotel staff (front desk, Security & Housekeeping), they were fantastic. Full of smile & ready to help. 6. So far we enjoy our stay here & enjoy our time here.",4
2334, November 2018,Great location,This hotel is ideal for a short stay in New York. Ideally located near to Times Square and a short walk to local train station/bus station. Managed to check in an hour early and staff were pleasant and helpful. Security is great as you have to show your key to access the lifts after 6pm. Walls are thin so can hear a lot of noise and also noise from the street. Generally good hotel. Would stay again.,4
2335, November 2018,Hotel Rating,"Poor, don't waste your money or time. Stay elsewhere. The hotel staff is arrogant and rude. You can't get anyone to answer the phone. The heater/ airconditioner barely worked. Took 10 mins to get hot water. Etc. Etc. Etc.",2
2336, November 2018,"My review is long, but Necessary to read","From my initial research on this hotel the website looked great, a few bad reviews but I thought..they are probably just disgruntled people...I should of listened to the review. From the moment we arrived we knew we had been duped, the website does not reflect the hotel. The check in staff are among some of the rudest people I have ever encountered. The check in began with being asked my name, 3 times, then to spell it...I was asked are you sure that’s how you spell it? ID was then produced, I was told that I should of spelt it right...off to a flying start. She told us we had views of broadway! I was very happy with this. We reach the room (**disclaimer I have traveled Asia, so I know what a small room is) it smelt like a musty old shoe, it was cramped, it had a king single",1
2337, November 2018,My best experience among the times I've been in the city,"I have had other experiences in NY and I find this the best. the size of the room is excellent (considering the standard of the cubicles that exist in NY), my room overlooked the river and I could see the streets around. the location is absolutely prime. the luggage storage service is fantastic, especially in my case I arrived in town at unconventional hours and was able to enjoy both check in and check out and this was something that made all the difference in my trip. the hotel bar is very good. the internet is of excellent quality. the support for the guests is wonderful. I was absolutely happy with everything at the hotel. the staff are willing and polite. I've stayed in other good hotels but this one really stands out from the crowd.",5
2338, November 2018,Spectacular Locations,Localização do hotel é o ponto fortíssimo! a cama é muito agradável; o recepcionista Marcelo foi muito atencioso e nos deu muitas dicas valiosas. gostei e recomendo! Location is the strong point! The bed is very nice; Guest service amazing - receptionist Marcelo was very attentive and gave us many valuable informations. I liked it and recommend it!,4
2339, November 2018,"Dirty, but great staff and location","This hotel was in a great location and the prices wasn't bad for the location. However the room was extremely dirty and the heater was loud when it cranked on, keeping us awake at night. The staff was very prompt with checking the heater, but problem could not be solved. It wasn't worth the money we spent. Hopefully all the rooms are not like this!",2
2340, November 2018,Horrible experience,"Cancelled room last minute via email on our day of travel to nyc. no other form of contact, when speaking to staff they weren’t helpful in the slightest. They requested us to call back in an hour. As this was a matter of urgency it forced us to pay over the odds else where!!!",1
2341, November 2018,the perfect hotel in Manhattan,"Excellent location and staff. No better place to stay than the Row!Fast service, fast check out, baggage storage if you get early, nice views from the room, water free, internet, cable tv, tub, clean room and bathrooms.",5
2342, November 2018,Great,"Hotel was nice, very very well located. I walked to rockefeller center and to empire state building. Rooms were a little small but perfect for a couple. Service lady was very helpfull and all the staff were kind. They also speak spanish , so it was perfect for me .",4
2343, November 2018,Horrible hotel,"You pay for a four stars hotel, but get only a two stars service. Tiny rooms not cleaned properly, very noisy heating/air conditioning which does not let you sleep at night. The only good thing is the central location",1
2344, November 2018,"Great Service, Excellent Room","Spent nine nights at Row NYC in November 2018 and can't really complain about anything. Everybody who worked there was very pleasant and helpful, the room we were in was spacious, comfortable and very clean, and the value for money was terrific. We were very keen on somewhere close to Broadway/the theatre district, and found Row NYC to be in the best spot possible - just a quick walk to anywhere, really, including the subway if we wanted to go any further.",5
2345, November 2018,very complacide,"front desk friendly and kind, room service very compromise liked the pillows and the view wow the view was amazing, security very efficient, location good, the City Market was very good the price was too high but whatever the taste was good specialy with the doughnuts aaaaaand with the clam chowder and 1/2 lobster tail and pork bun...tasty!",5
2346, November 2018,Our stay in NY,"Stayed here at the ROW ideal location, nice warm rooms. Staff very helpful and approachable. Didn't get chance to eat here, area always busy. I would defefinatly recommend and stay in this hotel again.",5
2347, November 2018,Terrible experience,"Terrible experience at this hotel. staff were very rude and unhelpful rooms were very small, we had to down grade our room as there was an issue with the one we were in all we was offered as compensation were drinks vouchers for the bar however were unable to use those as the bar was closed due to an unforeseen circumstances, however the unforeseen circumstance was that they were training a new staff member which doesn't make sense to completely close the bar area. Would not recommend this hotel, ruined our stay in New York.",1
2348, November 2018,Do not book your reso here,It was just a horrible experience. Room was extremely tiny. Did not change sheets daily. Requested for more towels as it did not accommodate for 4 guests. Towels were brought to us at 2am when we were all asleep.,1
2349, November 2018,Research before you book,"Some upgrading of rooms is in need. The first room allocated to me was small, dingy and needed the plumbing fixed. There are lots of food facilities on site, which is very handy and The Sugar Factory attached makes excellent hot chocolate.",5
2350, November 2018,Size matters! Dissappointed,"If you want a hotel that is constantly busy, is overcrowded, and is in a very busy part of NYC this is the place to stay. If you want a clean, yet very very small room with 2 double beds that you have to step over your suit case (and other bed) to get to your bed, then this is it. This may be your thing, but it wasn't mine. On our recent USA trip, this was the one hotel (out of 6) that I was really looking forward to and unfortunately it did not live up to its impressive website. We considered moving hotels, however this would have added extra expense and been too difficult to get refund etc.. For the price, we were disappointed.The food was very expensive in the bar, and I really didn't find the hotel staff to do anything more than what they really needed to, particularity",2
2351, November 2018,Great place except for the bed and shower.,"The hotel lobby and staff were absolutely wonderful. Unfortunately in our king room the beds were pushed together to make a king. It really made for a horrible sleeping experience and one side was completely unusable since it was 4 inches lower and sloped towards the ground. In addition, the shower curtain was filthy and the tub drain was clogged.",3
2352, July 2018,In the middle of Time So,"The hotel has a great location if you want to be in hustle and bustle of the city. However, if you want a more relaxed or romantic atmosphere choose another hotel. The rooms are small (but clean). Security is located at the elevators, that can be helpful with all the people in and out of the building. I'd be more likely to stay again if they didn't have ""resort"" fees.",3
2353, November 2018,partly disappointing,"Junk food in the hotel, No room service, Noisy from the traffic, the hotel is situated near broadway, it is all rignt for holidays...if you Don't like sleeping...The shop of the hotel is very small, 20 dollars for a made in china umbrella, the price was not indicated.",3
2354, November 2018,Filthy Hotel with Terrible Service,"We arrived in New York knowing we were too early for check in. Our plan was to drop off our bags before exploring the city. Before even being assisted hotel staff requested a tip simply to place our bags in a storage room. We brought the bags to the room ourself. Reception staff promised to send us an email to inform us of the possibility of checking in before the mandatory 4pm. Out of exhaustion we got back to the hotel at 2pm, luckily our room was available but no email was ever sent. Our room had foot prints on the walls and hand prints on the ceiling, no idea how they got there. And to round off a terrible day, a call was made to request a kettle. A second call was made an hour later to follow up. It is now over 2 hours as I type this. Still no kettle.",1
2355, November 2018,Good but not great,Great location. Cleaning lady did a great job.So nice and friendly. So loud can hear the street and neighbors.Bring ear plugs.35$ to rent fridge but don't know where they would put it.Great place for a weekend but not a week.,3
2356, November 2018,NY getaway,Location is great & the staff are helpful. We thought we were getting a room with a view & when we walked in we had a view of a brick wall. Called the front desk & was told to come back to see what could be done. They tried to explain the difference in the rooms which seemed complicated but they did move us to another room. The view wasn't great but it was better than it was. Other than this we love the Row. It's the only place we stay when going to the city.,4
2357, November 2018,Ugly,The personal was really friendly. BUT the room was really really dirty. The Bathroom was much more dirty. A big cockroach tapped my feet. The location was perfect.Value for money is not right for me.,3
2358, November 2018,Really?,"I recently stayed at the Row and was pleasantly surprised after reading all the reviews. Check in was done by a young lady named Rhea who greeted me with a smile and gave me a wonderful room on the 14th floor. The room was clean in and out. Now I can complain to complain but there wasn’t anything to complain about. Bed was comfy, sheets were clean,pillows were fluffy, Towels were clean. Loved my stay and would come back. I wonder if maybe a little patience might help when writing reviews. When the Hotel is full and it was expect the phone to be busy or not answered then go down to the front desk, someone is always there. I am confused about the people who write that the elevators are a lengthy wait. You push in your floor and it takes you to your floor. If not they fit no more",5
2359, November 2018,Great Hotel at few minutes to Times Square,"Great Hotel at few minutes to Times Square.Nice room, kind staff, no rumours, good wifi, good cleanliness, comfortable queen size bed.Comfortable spaces, available fresh water for all Guests. Hoping to come back there as soon as possible.",5
2360, November 2018,No one answers the phone when needed,"I called several times throughout the day durring my stay, no one answered the phone. The bathrooms could've cleaned better. The check in was great the staff was friendly, pleasant. Great location. 1 block away from time square",3
2361, November 2018,Good Stay,My stay was pretty good. The hotel is a very good price and has good food options in city kitchen. some cons unfortunately were that the rooms were not that clean but if you ask for them to be cleaned again service comes quick. Toilets need to be remodeled they are very old and some things in the room are old. But this was overall a good stay.,3
2362, November 2018,Good location BUT poor service and No one answer the in-house call,"The hotel location is great! Walking distance of 3-5mins to Times Square. On 18/11 (Sunday), I called the guest service n spoken ard 7.30pm for a new hair dryer telling him that the one in my room was not working. He confirm with me my room no but was not delivered. I tried calling at 8.15pm again n he transfer my call to Housekeeping. No one answered. My subsequent calls from 8-9pm was never answered n auto call off after ringing n to voice mail service. Even using the house call outside the lift to call operator for 5x also no answer. I went to reception ard 9pm telling a lady staff my problem that the telephone call was not answered n I need a new hair dryer urgently. She gave me a dirty look n show no empathy even I told her that I been trying to call n no one answered",2
2363, November 2018,Except location,"This time i stayed in room 2034. As we know it before, i stayed many times. There is no change, still chaotic crowded, there is a huge queue in front of the elevators. Workers are trying to be kind enough. If your expectations are’nt so high, still good for just staying. There is no point in excepting more than staying. But as you know, if you book a room, it is considerable that your room was cleaned before you come in. Although i never used that towel that can be seen easily, i was surprised how dirty a towel can be! Needs more attention and more cleaning. By the way, air conditioner works like a diesel engine. Thanks for reading the comment.",2
2364, November 2018,Amazing location and excellent hotel,"This hotel is in the best location in NYC. Everything was very efficient and easy, especially check in.The rooms were fabulous, wifi super fast, staff lovely and the food options were superb.The food in city kitchen cannot be beaten. I would stay here again and again",5
2365, November 2018,This is NOT a 4 star hotel,"Hotel is at a convenient location. But staying somewhere for extra 20 to 40 $ a night will pay for it self.I stayed 6 nights. The overall service was horrible. My room was showing signs of decay. The only good thing was the BAR downstairs in the lobby. The towels in my room where not changed few times- the old ones where just folded back/ one still damp/. Had to ask for towels all together one day. A cleaning lady one evening showed up at my room at about 11 pm trying to force her self in, telling me that the manager asked her to clean that room. After calling somewhere she did not even apologize - just said it was a mistake. The bell boy literarily asked me for tip — I understand how america works and always takle care of the staff but to have someone tell me well you have",1
2366, November 2018,Unhappy,We asked to upgrade the room after first day of stay since the room was too small with extra money and were there told that we need to check out at 12:00 and wait in the lobby untill 16:00 to check in. And this was not because the room was not available but the rules of the hotel.,2
2367, November 2018,Need to improve!,"The rooms and bathrooms are tiny and very poor cleanliness. I felt insecure all the time, was dark and with a rare elevator system. I think will never return to Row. The only good thing was location. Sorry to the staff, they was ok.",2
2368, November 2018,Good localization,"Good localization and next to subway, Times Square, restaurants, pubs, shops. Even in full 8th Avenue the room is quite silent and with view. The service is good and the fast services, including the parcel delivery service",4
2369, November 2018,Disappointed,"Great location but wouldn't stay again. Room was very small, couldn't maneuver with two people in the room. Carpet needed cleaning and the air conditioner was so loud we had to turn it off. Staff was nice.",2
2370, November 2018,Great location great gym and very nice breakfast staff,"In NY, location is important. Hotel has done a great job of updating the halls and rooms. Rooms are spotless and fitness facility is awesome. We LOVED the breakfast staff at District M. Plenty, efficient, great variety of continental pastry options. Fitness facility great and walking distance to everything (as long as you like long walks and I do) to everything in NYC. Limited concierge service if you don;t already know what you want and you have a resort fee which seems like a tacked on charge but that is NYC. Great location for Broadway andx walking back after the show,",4
2371, November 2018,Disappointed - Not worth the money!,"We booked the stay at ebookers.com. You guys need to put the right picture of the room for the right room-option. There were many sizes of the bed on the pictures and so we didn’t know what we were gonna get. We emailed the hotel and asked for a queen-size minimum. the response was copy pasted and was not really an answer. So we get to the hotel, after waitinf 20min in a line we check in with a guy. Again, we ask to reveice a qeen size at least and the guy says that we actually got an upgrade so we don’t need to worry. We wait another 20min to be able to get an elevator til we get inside our room. It’s a fullsize bed. A little bigger than a single bed. Shower was dirty and the towels had stains. The room has no food/water. I took the empty bottles and came upon 3 not working",2
2372, November 2018,Location is everything.,"We arrived from the airport and within 7 mins of leaving our bags we were in Times Square. The hotel is ideally situated to see New York. Port Authority bus terminal is close by as are a few subway stations. Prices are reasonable for New York. Yes the rooms are a bit small and while the premises doesn't have the smell of fresh paint it was clean and tidy and serviced daily. The beds were comfortable too. Unusually for New York, street noise was minimal. Staff were pleasent and helpful. Continental breakfast is available in the district M bar and is adequate. The City Kitchen is gives many choices without being a rip-off. Plenty of food choices in the area too. Overall a great base for a break in New York.",5
2373, November 2018,Very disappointed,"I was very displeased from the moment I got there, did not get bag assistance and I was traveling with elderly and children. I was also very disappointed with check in as the room I was upgraded to was not actually available because of painting. I was not told anything about the hotel or accomations and had trouble finding my room. The internet access did not work. The pullout couch was very uncomfortable and the sheets we were given had tears in them. Upon checkout I called for a luggage cart for and waited 30 mins and still never received one so I had to make two trips down. Overall just expected a decent experience. We only stayed for one night. Very disappointed with the hotel and staff.",1
2374, November 2018,Excellent hotel!!,"thanks for everything ROW!! good service, room always clean and great location near of times squareThanks especially to the attendant Junior!! excellent professionals and they also speak portuguese thats easier for me (Im brazilian)I recommend this hotel for everybody!",5
2375, November 2018,Looks a bit tired,"As you enter the hotel, it all looks a bit tired although the rooms looked fine. It has quite a small bar area with some steps opposite that people were just lounging around on, a bit strange. It does have a great food area where there are about 7 different choices of food although there was very little seating. Not a bad location but not the smartest hotel in the neighbourhood",3
2376, October 2018,Great location,At the back of broadway and Junior’s restaurant. This hotel is easily accessible to Port Authority Bus Terminal. One street away from Times Square and Shake Shack or Five Guys. You can walk to Times Square or it’s mass rapid station. Small room and thin walls/ doors making you here the neighbours talks or slam doors. Opening the window anywhere in the hotel rooms ensure you here the constant blasting of NYPD or NYFD sounding their horns all day Long.,3
2377, November 2018,Grunge,"This hotel is grungy, old and smells. The rooms are half the size of a normal hotel room and we paid $340 USD a night. Would not come back and would not recommend. But I will say the location is good that’s the only good thing.",1
2378, November 2018,Nice stay in N.Y.,"Good central hotel, clean, lot of noise from the street even at 14. floor, the window was leaky and it was very cold close to the window. The heater made a lot of noise and we decided not to use is. The wifi worked impeccable. We asked for for blankets 3 times before we finally got them.",4
2379, November 2018,Dirty and small room,"If you are interested in a closet size room and dirty doesn’t bother you, the value of the room is sufficient. Went to a trip for work and it was on a list for recommendations to stay. I would request for it to be removed. Pictures are deceiving.",1
2380, November 2018,Great time in NYC,My husband two daughters and I thoroughly enjoyed! We were in the middle of everything!! Our first trip as a family to NYC-couldn’t of ask for a better place to stay in! Beds and pillows were very comfortable and the place was clean.,5
2381, November 2018,Not clean,"This hotel could do a better job on the cleaning. Cleaning of all commin areas, elevators, rooms and bathrooms. Staff didnt clean our room at right times, left trash food bag in the room after cleaning. Sheets were not very crisp. No coffee maker in the room.",3
2382, November 2018,Junior´s service is TOP,I was impressed by the generosity and excelent service of Junior. It was an amazing suprise he is Brazilian. He made me feel at home and give me all the information (a looot of) I was asking him. The room service was good. The location is exceptional. The internet is also great! Congrats Row. You rock!,4
2383, November 2018,"Great location, affordable price, nothing special",Row NYC is very conveniently located just off Times Square. The rooms are quite small and the bathrooms tiny but it was clean and affordable for the heart of the theater district. Our receptionist at check in was not very friendly but got her job done.,3
2384, November 2018,Not clean :(,Great location but seems management is not very good - my room was not clean at all with hair clipping still in my sink and tissue and gum wrappers under my nicely made bed. Calling the front desk is worse than calling the DMV department - took for ever to get a hold of a live person.,2
2385, November 2018,Great location!,"My wife and I have recently stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, the location is perfect if you want to stay at Times Square and was only a 10-15 minute walk to some of the sights like Central Park, Rockefeller centre, Macy’s and Maddison square garden. The hotel was perfect for us because we booked it for the excellent location, however if you want a luxury hotel this is not for you, but when in NYC you are never in the hotel so overall it was good value for money.",3
2386, November 2018,Rownyc,Excellent value.Staff very friendly and welcoming. The hotel is in a prime position for restaurants theatres etc within easy reach of Times square.It really exceeded my expectations.I would definitely stay there again,5
2387, November 2018,Great Hotel in the heart of the Theatre District and Times Square!,"I've stayed at the Row several times and appreciate the ease of navigating the city. Subway stop is around the corner, only two blocks from Times Square, rooms are not spacious, but clean and comfortable. Staff is friendly and helpful.",4
2388, November 2018,Girls Trip,"great location to get around in ny. It was very central location to everything so it made walking very easy to access most things that you want to see. not to far from central park, time square, 5th ave.",4
2389, November 2018,Great location & value,"Hotel was great location, clean and comfy bed. Great value and just great for a trip where you are our most of the day and need somewhere comfortable to crash at the end of the evening. Didn’t have breakfast at the hotel but if you walk slightly away from Times Square, there are several good value diners and bakeries for breakfast.",4
2390, October 2018,Convenient location and modern hotel,"I’ve stayed at Row NYC Hotel twice now. It’s just so convenient with one of the best locations in the city. Rooms are definitely on the small side, so go for an upgrade and it’s much nicer. Modern, safe, and literally a block away from Times Square. I love the vibe of this hotel and probably will happily stay again :) Thanks Row",4
2391, November 2018,Don’t waste money,The only good thing about this hotel is the location. Expensive gun down oh and don’t forget the 100 dollar deposit even though they have your credit card on file. Staff is unfriendlyThe worst being kerion the manager. He has no idea what customer relationship means. You won’t see me here again.,1
2392, November 2018,Amazing location. Great for a simple room to stay in and explore the city!,"Simple hotel, not quite as nice as the photos make it look but fantastic location if you don't know the city and need to go all over. Friendly staff and pleasant stay. No complaints. Rooms are fine if you're just sleeping there and going out in the city. For a romantic trip or special occasion it wasn't quite as nice as I was expecting.",3
2393, November 2018,Dirty and run-down,"They charge you a facilities fee for services that hotels usually offer (e.g. water, WiFi, fitness room).Location is excellent, but the building is run-down and the room was dirty. Staff at the front desk are absolutely clueless.",2
2394, November 2018,3 night stay,Very basic small rooms. No mini fridge. No kettle. No coffee/tea. No bottled water. Free wifi. Only plus is location. Next to all the broadway theatres and 5min walk to Times Square. Gym with 5 treadmills from 6am to 8pm.,3
2395, October 2018,Great location,"We mostly enjoyed our stay but some thoughts are a bit mixed. Our room was clean, well maintained by the lovely housekeeping staff, and although it was small it was functional. Check-in was very pleasant, the lady we had was helpful and nice. Check-out however I waited in in the lobby with three staff all staring at a computer and not acknowledging me, I had to call out multiple times to get anyones attention. The iPads for express check out had been removed which was odd. The service was not a nice note to leave on. To echo the comments on here regarding the elevators - what a nightmare! They are small and overworked, so make sure to factor in waiting time for one before you need to leave for the day/come back. Area was always packed with people constantly punching in their",3
2396, October 2018,ROW NYC is a perfect hotel,I love to stay in the ROW NYC because of the wonderful guest services and the location. The rooms are very comfortable and very clean. The staff is very nice and having City Kitchen for breakfasts is great!,5
2397, November 2018,"Great location, cleanliness and friendly staff.","Had a very pleasant stay. Location is superb, walking distance from many attractions and on a not so busy street. The room was comfortable, spacious and clean. The facilities in general are well maintained.",4
2398, November 2018,Broadway wekend,"Very crowded. The cleaning crew decided to clean the main stairs in and out of the hotel on Sunday morning at 8 am - 9 am, a prime time for people checking out. Everyone was forced to take one of the two small elevators to arrive or leave. Seems there would be a better time to do this. Cracker crumbs and other pieces of food in the elevators to the rooms the entire 3 days I was there. I could hear the people in the room next door all night, thought the sound proofing would be better.",3
2399, September 2018,September in NYC,"We travelled to NYC for the first time this September. We had searched around quite a lot to find a decent hotel as NYC is very expensive. We came across Row Hotel online and the pictures and location looked ideal. When we arrived to the hotel the staff were friendly and attentive considering our flight was delayed and we got in at 3am. Once we got to our room we couldn't believe how small and noisy it was and didn't look like the images online. It was a very rundown looking place. We could hear people walking up and down the hallways, slamming doors and also using the ice machine. It was as if the walls were really thin. We had a leak in our room which we ended up moving to another room which was a lot bigger and quieter as it was at the end of the hallway, but the bathroom",3
2400, November 2018,Row NYC Review,"Definitely not worth the price of admission here. Need to improve fundamental aspects of a hotel experience: Cleanliness, Engaged Staff, Transparency with customers. It's expected that you'll find expensive hotel rooms all across NYC, but your dollar could definitely go further elsewhere.",1
2401, November 2018,Location is Everything,"The best thing about the ROW NYC is the location-2 blocks from Times Square, in the heart of the theater district. The lobby and bar look to have been refurbished recently, the rooms themselves are small and worn but reasonably clean. There is limited closet space but a few deep drawers for storage. Queen size bed was very comfortable. Bathroom is very small - don't drop anything in the shower! The elevator system causes a lot of lobby congestion and long waits - you enter the desired floor, are directed to one of 8 elevator banks and then wait. When it arrives, it is supposed to go directly to your indicated floor but that isn't always what happens. Can be quite frustrating. Didn't try any of the food offered. Bartender was very friendly but drinks expensive, even for NYC.",3
2402, November 2018,Conveniently located,We liked that it was literally 1 block from Times Square. Rooms were small but it wasn’t dirty. There was a hair dryer and iron. Ice machine available. Overall it was good. Considering the price of everywhere else in that area.,3
2403, November 2018,First Time in New York,had some issues with the first room and had to change rooms. staff was accommodating. The second room could have been cleaner and was missing towels. Cleanliness got better the next day. Room had been updated but still shows its age by the number of times things had been painted over and repaired.,3
2404, November 2018,Great location but not very clean,"Before we stayed I sent an email explaining that we were on honeymoon and if they could give me some recommendations. Am still waiting for the reply! Anyways we checked in on Saturday only to be told that a room with a double bed wasn’t available until the next day. That we could stay in that room and could be moved but this is not what you want to hear (1) after an 8 hour flight (2) after you booked a specific room (3) as newlyweds! We were offered a room with 2 double beds which I guess is better than a twin! Am not sure what our room would have been like but you can tell it is a very old hotel that has been done up several times over. The bathroom wasn’t very clean, a bit dusty and in fact some of the tiles are still dirty now. Some of the paint work in the door frame is",3
2405, October 2018,"Not bad, but location is handy!","Location (5*): The Row NYC is so conveniently located in the Theater District-Times Square area, without having to be on the Broadway street itself. I happened to attend a play at the Booth Theater so it was perfect for me. Even power-walked to TKTS to get a discount ticket. Got coffee in the hotel lobby before catching a ride-share or a taxi out front. Room (3*): I’ve been to NYC 5x, so I know to expect small hotel rooms. Granted it’s only my 2nd time ever at a hotel. I hardly ever complain and can tolerate long queues, inconveniences ....but I deduct 2 stars of 5 because of the window-sill air/heat unit that is freakin’ loud! Blowing heat is fine; not too noisy, but blowing cold air on auto mode through the night (it gets stuffy with 4 adults) drove me insane!! I am a light",3
2406, October 2018,city break,"The hotel Location is great. Really near to shops attractions and restaurants and shops. the only thing i didnt like was the way the lifts worked. you would expect to get in and press the floor you want and off you go but these you press the floor you need and an arrow points you to which lift will arrive and the everyone tries to pile in all at once. other than that no other complaints. Rooms were comfortable and clean, the maids were brilliant and friendly and the other hotel staff helpful too. definately worth a stay here and priced well too.",4
2407, November 2018,Busy as NYC,Not the best place to relax specially after a day of walking around the city or a day full of meetings where you simply want to rest. Depends what you enjoy maybe for some people that kind of energy is a positive things.,3
2408, November 2018,Excellent!,"The Row NYC is a wonderful, contemporary hotel! Great location to anything Times Square, shows, shopping, easy access to subway, and more. My room was nice and clean. I love the use of color in them. The staff, no matter where I bumped into them, were exceptional. Kind and professional. This wasn’t my first stay here and it won’t be my last. Thanks Row!",5
2409, November 2018,A usual business trip,But in a “not usual” hotel. The Row NYC - with the most incredible Front Desk Staff ever!!! I travel 2-3 days a week -takes a lot to impress me ....... but they did it here! I will be back! Their personal touch is great!,5
2410, November 2018,A great hotel,This was a great location and a nice place to stay. Rooms were a good size and so was the bathroom. Memory foam mattress was very comfy. Staff very polite and room was clean. Other than a small amount of noise from next door i can't fault the row. Well worth the money.,5
2411, November 2018,Great location,"Row NYC is a great location within a couple of minutes your in Time Square and very close for the Broadway,friendly staff and great for breakfast hotel also has a kitchen which has about 6/7 different food stalls",4
2412, October 2018,Not the best experience,"The first room we had was terrible. Shower head squeaked, toilet flush lasted forever and the aircon was rattling. Staff helpful and changed rooms next day. Was much better but sadly the pipes that led from the above rooms toilet was exposed in the wardrobe so room smelt like a sewer. Fire alarm went off one night. We were told to stay in our rooms. Didn’t feel safe if there was an emergency. Didn’t communicate very well. Location was good but definitely wouldn’t stay there again.",3
2413, November 2018,Vacation in New York City,"The Row provided great proximity to the theatre district in NYC. It was under 400 feet from the Majetic Theatre, home to Phantom of the Opera, the longest running play on Broadway. Other theatres are also nearby. Many dining choices nearby and lots of dining opportunities. The main level is not well managed for limiting non guest occupancy. The elevators to rooms do keep non guests from proceeding.",4
2414, November 2018,Good place for the price,"The hotel smells funny, it’s not the cleanest but the staff is very friendly. Good sleep but the AC makes sounds. Location is amazing, walking distance to many touristy places. Most of the guest were young people!",3
2415, November 2018,Didn’t love it,"Dark hallways, felt run down, really busy and loud lobby scene. Had confirmed reservation for room with City View but they didn’t have any left when I checked in at 4pm. I won’t stay here again. I’d rather pay a little more - if at all - and have cleaner, brighter, quieter room - probably bigger too - that was a tight fit!",3
2416, November 2018,Hotel stay,"I stayed at the Row from November 8-11th and I greatly enjoyed my stay. This was my first solo trip to NYC the staff and location of the hotel was perfect. I got to the hotel around 1300pm and Nellie at the front desk not only let me check in early but upgraded my hotel room since it was my first time in NYC. My hotel room was very clean and the staff very professional. I recommend The Row for anyone who wants to be close to everything the subway , Times Square , restaurants etc. I will definitely come back to the Row again. Thank you for making my first solo trip to NYC very enjoyable and comfortable.",5
2417, October 2018,Very nice hotel,The hotel is in a great location near everything. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Rooms are clean and very nice size in very good views of the city. Looking forward to going back to New York and definitely will be staying at ROW NYC,5
2418, November 2018,Not Impressed,"The hotel seemed promising. Although, staff was pleasant, rooms were not. Hallway smelled like a sewer, tiny rooms and bathroom drainage system poor. Way overpriced, next time I will search for another hotel.",3
2419, November 2018,Exceptional once again,"My daughter, my best friend and myself stayed at The Row NYC November 8th-10th 2018. I have stayed in this hotel 15+ times and they are all about their customer service. The front desk is the face of the hotel, Kathy is the employee that has made my experiences even better. This young woman has an amazing work ethic. She goes above and beyond. It is a wonderful feeling to be recognized and greeted, I felt so valued as a customer. Also to be commended are Karina and Tommy who are a part of the management team. They are an asset of their company. Thank you for making this trip so memorable. Our room was incredible!! Beautifully decorated and very clean. The huge bathroom with the walk in jet shower was an added bonus. We love everything about this hotel. The staff, the",5
2420, November 2018,Birthday,"Arrived Thursday at 12.00 pm with 2 friends on getting our room it hadn’t been cleaned so we decided to leave our luggage with in our friends room , and off we went ! Returned around 9.00 pm room still not cleaned ! Went to desk and was told to return back to room in 45 mins and it would be sorted !gave it 1 hour . You guessed it ! Nothing ! After being very tired I went looking for a cleaner to no avail ! But did find the cleaning store so I got new sheets,bedding ,towels ,soaps toiletries and did it myself !!!! The hotel said they would take all the taxes off but on receipt of the final bill they only took them off for that night ! Which was next to nothing .",1
2421, November 2018,Awesome,Awesome... great staff. Very welcoming host. Great location great food. Great band. Really love this place. Awesome rooms and comfortable beds. Very peacefully. Me and friends had a great time. Was very local all places was close enough,4
2422, November 2018,Great NYC Hotel Room,"Clean, small room in a great location for the theaters. Bed was really comfortable. Hotel is connected to City Kitchen for quick access to cheap, good food, and there's also a bar in the hotel (sometimes has live music).",5
2423, November 2018,Great location,"Great location, good service, a bit pricy for the small room but I guess you are paying New York City prices. Right by Times Square but yet you can't hear much of what's going on outside. nice shower.",5
2424, November 2018,Damjan,"staff was not polite, bed was too soft, room cleaning is on avarage level. Hotel is on very good position, but view from the window was terible. It is also very loud becouse climate (air cndition) on 8.th floor",3
2425, October 2018,"Excelent location, but...","Very busy also, lots of people in the moment you leave outside of the Hotel, it's really a great mess of people, in the morning, in the afternoon, at night...all the time :)Clean, very educated, good wifi, very well served of transports, secure",4
2426, November 2018,Good location,"The hotel is in a great location to Times Square, the room wasn’t the cleanest,I was on the 14th floor and could hear the underground! The price was expensive for 3 nights and no breakfast included I paid close to £1,000 once I got there.",3
2427, November 2018,Poor Customer Service Hospitality,The front desk Representative and Operations Manager Tommy made disaster for Guest when she was trying check in Row NYC Hotel - The email receipt which was paid in full was presented but this was not enough proof to allow her to check in -After approximately 45 minutes then my Guest was allowed to check in -My Guest was never given information to how utilize $75.00 food voucher and other amenities of hotel -I would NOT advise any of my friends or family to stay at Row NYC -Thumbs Down for this hotel -,1
2428, November 2018,Would not recommend,"I would not return to this hotel, nor would I refer to anyone else. Our room was very dingy and dirty. The lobby and bar area were decent but other than that the hotel was seriously run down and in need of a deep clean.",2
2429, November 2018,Great location and staff go above and beyond!,"Had the worst start to my holiday in NYC when the shuttle service we used to get from the airport lost my partners suitcase (Supershuttle for anyone wanting to know who not to use!!). We arrived at ROW NYC and basically after what seemed like the longest day I was in tears over the lost case. The staff here at Row (particularly Christina on reception) went above and beyond to help turn our miserable day around. She was so thoughtful and attentive and all the staff we have since met around reception and the rest of the hotel have also been super polite and helpful. The hotel is modern, clean and the reception and bar area stylish and lively at night. Our room has a lovely view of the city! I was warned before my arrival by friends that it would be noisy at night but I slept great",5
2430, November 2018,Great location,"Very fast and efficient check in by Paula. Room on 26th floor. Very large corner room ,well equipped with double aspect windows. Plenty of space and storage. Hotel close to Times Square and subways. Would definitely recommend as a base for a New York trip. Can't comment on restaurant as ate out ever day.",5
2431, November 2018,A Behemoth Tourist Factory In The Heart of Hell.,"Bad vibes, bad smells and a mattress of your nightmares. You also get to pay a $32/night resort fee to fill up a container from a drinking fountain, which they call ""bottled water."" This resort fee is not standard in NYC, by the way. Dirty, tediously slow elevators with thousands of people in them -- good luck getting to your meeting on time! Also, do you like the smell of burnt grease? I promise -- you can find better value and a more special experience in many other hotels in the city.",1
2432, November 2018,Nice,"The location and the attention of the desk attendants were excellent, with good tips and courtesy in the service.The lay-out of the bars and rest I found perfectAnd the express check-out was also very practical",5
2433, November 2018,Good experience,Got to check in early which was nice. Great location. Elevators are fast. Not too noisy so sleep was no problem. Access to city kitchen with discount is nice although I did not eat there. I liked the stadium seating near the bar - that looked like it would be fun.,5
2434, November 2018,1st time in NYC with defo return to the ROW HOTEL,"All good, the hotel was fab, The rooms were comfy, need more usb plugs in there, only problem was we were not too happy with cleanliness of rooms under the beds very dirty, also cleaner was quite abrupt and came too early. The staff were all lovely and very helpful .",4
2435, December 2017,"Stylish, Neat & Compact","The room can be very small on the low end but exactly what you need and nothing more. Stylish & trendy. There is a very nice bar/lounge area that is convenient for a quick cocktail or meetings. Attached are nice food-stalls/ court with seating for convenience. Definitely a go-to place for midtown, Times Square area.",5
2436, November 2018,Avoid at all costs!!!,"No heat, weak water pressure in the shower, lukewarm water, moldy grimy window unit, room keys didn’t work, 30 mins to get an elevator up to the room because of crowding. Too much money for filthy, terrible hospitality. Avoid. Go anywhere else.",1
2437, November 2018,Disgraceful,"I found a cockroach in my room & house keeping only cleaned my room once in four nights. Another colleague said their room was dusty. Another colleague said someone came into their room at 1am which obviously causes then panic, areas and alarm. Finally the lift system is absolutely stupid. If there was a fire, no one would survive. I was in the lift with a drunk man who was pretty much passed out and a hotel worker who obviously asked for my assistance. For where the hotel is located, it is shambioloc. The decor is outrageously cheap & distateful I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to my worst enemy",1
2438, October 2018,Fall Holiday at ROW,"We had a very good experience at ROW Hotel, the location is perfect and close to everything. The staff were friendly, the room was clean and neat, we even got an upgrade to a room with a great view of 7th Ave.",5
2439, November 2018,Noisy,"Very noisy, particularly at night time, due to heavy traffic on 8th Ave. and continuous horning by cars and trucks, taxis, emergency, policy and fire dept. cars.At peak time, it takes forever to get from/to floors/entrance.Despite a paid upgrade, got a room facing rear side on 8th floor from where you could see and particularly hear a gigantic ventilator (guess on top of garage). When on, sounded like a warmup of a Boeing airplane before taking off …. after next morning complaint got a better room but had to check-out by 12 am and check in again at 4 pm. On positive side, Hotel granted a discount for that first night.",3
2440, October 2018,Great Location,Nice Hotel with great location. The rooms although kind of small were clean and nice. I will suggest the offer of coffee maker at rooms. The market provide different options for food and were very good. The best part: Location,4
2441, September 2018,For one night only,"First impression, reception area nice. Requested twin but got a double a sign of things to come. Very small room for 2 sharing. Corridors dimly lit think its meant to be a feature, all we felt was it masked the shabbyness. From other patrons we seen coming and going this is a hotel used by aircrew on stopovers. Not somewhere to stay more than one night. Wouldn't recommend at all. Very disappointed.",2
2442, October 2018,"Good location, poor hotel","Check in: When we arrived (around 2am) there was one person on the desk and a long queue of people waiting. The manager came out to deal with a pilot who refused to stay in his room as it was too dirty and was demanding another room immediately and also a guest who had found a cockroach in his bed! The manager looked at the long queue and just went back inside instead of helping to check in guests.There was some confusion as the hotel had offered my an upgrade option a few days prior to arrival, which I had taken up. Check-in staff were confused and I had to convince them that I had taken up the upgrade offer.Finally got the room. Walked into the bathroom to find someone had used the toilet and not flushed! Bed and duvet were uncomfortable and poor quality. Check out seemed fine",3
2443, January 2018,Check in slow,"Check in was very slow for a large hotel. Do not get rooms near lifts as sound like a subway tunnel. Bar very expensive, However location is good for NY sightseeing. Near times square and all the hustle and bustle.",3
2444, November 2018,"Convenient location, rooms are nothing special, and the lifts painful","Location is good and the price of the rooms usually reasonable too. The hotel is generally reasonably clean, but certainly doesn’t have a sparklingly clean feel to it. The gym is reasonable except none of the TVs on the cardio equipment work and the equipment is a bit dated (how about a few Watt bikes for example). Had the breakfast option which is fine, 1 fruit, 1 pastry, a cold hard boiled egg, a juice and a coffee...",3
2445, November 2018,"Overprized, not worth the money","I spend a night with my family for the Marathon there. What can I say? It's going to be my last stay. Of course, the Location is outstanding, you're in the middle of the crowd but that's the best you can say about this hotel. We room was samll and dirty, stains on the carpet and on the blankets. There was mold in the bathroom and stains on the faucets. . I spent more than USD 400 and for breakfast I was allowed to get only one one coffee, one pastry, one egg or one banana and for any extra items I had to pay.",1
2446, November 2018,Great location,"Fantastic location, small rooms but clean . Location may be good for sight seeing however it was very noisy. If you check in late in the day often only rooms left are near the lifts which increases the noise level. Staff are helpful",3
2447, October 2018,Great location,"Lovely hotel,and lovely staff especially Douglas in reception and check in...we were not happy with the room allocated at first as it had a view of a wall and a huge pipe..depressing dingy room...but on our complaint..he offered to upgrade us to a premium room which had a briliant view of times square but far enough away to be able to relax..all of the staff in reception are excellent..as is cleaners, maintenance were all very polite.The bathrooms need a much needed refurbishment..although it was spotlessy clean. The location is brilliant so close to central park,subway..times square,shopping, it is great..!!",4
2448, October 2018,Average Hotel to Me,"The rooms were small and not super clean, but ok the location is fairly good, but use to staying right in Times Square. We got a good price which made it worth it. We didn't spend much time in the hotel but the fact that it had food was nice.",3
2449, November 2018,Decent place to crash overnight,"The central location is great for crashing overnight after a show. No fuss, quick checkout and usually have good deals. The rooms are small and not kept very well, you see the age of the building the a/c was too noisy and was hardly working.",3
2450, October 2018,"Convenient and Central Location, but No Privacy from Housekeeping","I've give high ratings for the location and accessibility of subway. Rooms are clean, not big, but that is New York City. My only complaint is that there were other guests ( a huge group of teenagers) who were staying at the same time, and they were noisy both early in the morning and also late at night. I couldn't sleep well because they kept knocking on their friends' room doors loudly, and had no regard for other guests. My second complain was that room service walked into my room twice without knocking on the door. The first time i was in the shower and only after entering, they said 'room service"" - i had to scream from the shower that I was still inside. The second was in the morning - same thing, no knocks, and just entered, the moment she saw me, she stepped out and not",3
2451, November 2018,Good experience overall,"The hotel is located perfectly near Times Square, overall good service, the room could have been cleaner, and we would have liked to be able to have our luggage stay longer after check-out, because we had a late flight.",4
2452, October 2018,"Great location; good, not great, hotel","Great location, very close to theaters and restaurants. High noise level in room. LOTS of tourist groups, which led to a very crowded bar and lobby. Only average bathroom amenities. Good service, friendly housekeeping staff.",4
2453, November 2018,Fire Alarm Chaos,"At 2am the Fire Alarm strobe light started flashing in our room. The staff in the hotel seemed entirely unprepared for dealing with the situation. There was not adequate communication with guests in my view. We had to make our own decisions to evacuate in the end. Then after fire crews had left, we were told to go back to our rooms, where the strobe light alarm was still flashing. We thought it was unsafe to stay in a room when the alarm was still flashing, so we evacuated again. When a public address system was finally made, I thought it was in a foreign language, until it was made in Spanish. I truly believe that if there had been a genuine emergency, people’s lives would have been put at risk. Apart from that, the rooms are newly refurbished, but it’s an old style hotel, so",1
2454, February 2018,Very good hotel would recommend,This hotel is in a great location and right around the corner from time square. The reception area was very up to date. The service was excellent and the staff couldn’t help us enough. The rooms were small but just big enough. Overall very good hotel and will stay there again,4
2455, October 2018,"Great location. Comfortable, but noisy.","I would stay at the ROW hotel again, simply because the location was great. The food court inside it was also very convenient. The heater in the room was noisy though and it took three attempts to get someone to replace a malfunctioning remote control for the TV. The wifi was pretty weak too, but the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. If you can get used to the heater noise, it's a good place to stay in Times Square.",4
2456, October 2018,I would like to thank the front desk offfice her name is REINA,Respected viewers I would liek to thank mrs REINA foe her excellent service ans help may gis bless her for her help u was there at yhe hotel around 1 pm n my check in was at 4 pm as i had lander early n headed to the hotel non of yhe staff try to understand my situiation i was with 2 kids and one was infant seeind that she tried to give me priority n gave me early check-in it was last month i came in 10th n satyed untill 14th ny name is ahmed shah i am a crew member in airlines i request the hotel managment to appreciate her hard work n to promote her to front desk manager as she can handle n try to help the hotel guest in all her ways as saw her it she comes with a smile n is always available to help everyone out there i even wrote a mail to the hotel managment i dint,5
2457, November 2018,Disappointed on a repeat visit,"Reservation was for a deluxe queen room with a city view. The room size was small and the queen bed barely fit and did not leave much space for us to move around. Bathroom was VERY small as one person struggled to fit without opening the door while at the sink. As for the view, it was obstructed by part of the facade of the building (26 floor). Our last visit was so much better for the same type of a room. The reservation included the small continental breakfast which allowed us a single juice, single pastry, single hardboiled egg, and a cup of coffee for each of us. While we are not big eaters for breakfast, the limit on what you may consume seems silly. Unfortunately, this hotel was great previously but is now in our mind just another overpriced NYC stay.",3
2458, October 2018,"Great location, small room","Overall a nice stay, but we had to change to a larger room as the standard room with Queen size bed was too small for two persons (mother and daughter). Hotel cost increased from the planned budget. Mixed service level among the staff, some very kind, some almost rude. Clean rooms. Very close to subway, theaters and other sightseeing spots.",3
2459, November 2018,Perfectly located,Perfectly located very close to Times Square and many Theaters. Rooms are small as usual in New York but o.k. Food court offers many options for breakfast and in between. I was already here several times and come back more or less every time when I am in New York.,4
2460, October 2018,Never again!,"This is my 3rd time staying here. First time was great! loved the location. 2nd time we had broken A/C issues which was fixed promptly so I wasnom with it. I figured we’ll give them another shot. 3rd time was the worst! Broken A/C...again! Maintenance deemed A/C can’t be fixed promptly so he attempted to call reception to notify them we need to change rooms. No one answered the phone. After numerous attempts, we decided to just go down to reception. They apologized and said we will be assigned to a new “upgraded” room. That was a laugh, as the new room was even smaller! Next day we were to check out at 12pm, around 11 we were almost done packing when staff knocked on our door to notify us that a cleaning crew is scheduled to clean the windows. I acknowledged thinking he meant",1
2461, October 2018,New York Baby!!!,Had a fantastic time staying at The Row. Very nice staff warm and friendly. Always was happy to answer any questions. Had to change rooms however very accommodating to move us next day without question. I would deffinatly stay there again. Great location to get to places too.,5
2462, October 2018,Halloween stay,"The room was clean, tidy and comfortable. Bring earplugs for the first night or 2 (especially if staying at the front of the hotel) as the Times Square area tends to have a lot of emergency services driving by. You do get used to the noise after 2 nights😁 We went to the Westway Diner for breakfast every morning which fills you up for most of the day!! Been using this diner since 2005 and it's still as tasty now as it was then. The hotel is extremely central and within walking distance of a lot of the main touristy sites.",4
2463, October 2018,Worse experience in a hotel,"I would not recommend anyone to go here. To many hidden fees for a tiny room. Then the hallways looks dark and kinda creepy. The good thing I can say for this hotel is that it’s conveniently location to a lot of stores,bars,etc",1
2464, January 2018,"Modern, clean and comfortable",I think I lucked out on this one because I went after the New Years buzz and ended up in a wheelchair accessible room so it was probably bigger than most in that price range $180 for two nights which was pretty good for New York especially that close to time square. No view in my room but when you’re so close to times Square anyway go and explore! The hotel itself has a whole team of helpful porters and a funky New York food court right there in the building if you’re not quite ready to brave the city yet.,4
2465, October 2018,So disapointed,The Air conditionning was really noisy. Impossible to switch on at night to sleep well. The finish touch is not very welldone and the look and feel of the room is old. I am very disapointed by the room. I can’t imagine the hôtel is a 4 stars.,2
2466, November 2018,Very lucky with our stay!,I must say we read some poor reviews and had been warned personally about the long check ins but we had absolutely no trouble with our stay! We were first checked in to a lower floor with no view but as we got to the floor a very nice gentleman advised us that they were working on the room next door and would be loud so he would find us another room. We requested an outside facing view initially but said was fully booked and could not get us one (which is fair enough). We requested again to the gentleman who was swapping our rooms and he managed to get us into a higher floor front facing room with a great view of New York! We got very lucky. Also prior to checking in we expected a login check in which we gave ourselves time for but there was no line at all (around 2pm) and,5
2467, October 2018,Overnight trip,Stayed overnight to have dinner & see Broadway show with friends. Hotel is very nice. Front desk staff was fantastic & friendly. Wasn’t happy with the water pressure in the shower. Internet wouldn’t connected. Guess too many people trying to use the internet.,4
2468, October 2018,My first New York visit,"These is my thoughts on our stay:When we first checked in we were assigned to Room 2531. Our first impression was that we have a closet for a room. There wasn't even room for our luggage. The TV didn't work. We couldn't get internet services. We we went down to the front desk to express our concerns. The person at the desk was understanding and switched us to Room 1012. It was a lot better, but not perfect.We requested several things of which only one was taken care of. We asked for more hangers and never got them. I asked that the vent in the bathroom be cleaned as it was really dusty, and it was never done. The battery in our clock radio has a flashing battery indicator, I asked for it to be changed and it never was.On a side note there is a metal access panel next to the",3
2469, October 2018,Amazing stay,"We are only home today from a wonderful stay at Row. From the moment we arrive and were checked in by Junior we were made to feel so welcome and my 9 year old daughter treated like a princess. He was so helpful and gave us wonderful recommendations for food and for fun things we might enjoy with the little one. The rooms was wonder on the 24th floor with a fantastic view, yes they are small and yes it’s noisy but it’s NYC those are a given. The rooms were clean and maintained well daily as were the communal areas. The location on 8th avanue was superb. All in all I would hand over heart recommended this hotel and will be back. I would like to give special thanks to Junior who checked ya in and to Marnie who checked us out both went above and beyond.",5
2470, October 2018,Great location.,"I love the location for the cost. The overall setup is quite well designed. The Sugar Factory, adjacent to The Row, is fun and serves a good breakfast even after the other restaurants have quit serving breakfast for the day.",5
2471, October 2018,Eh,"THis is right in the heart of times square. if youre from a major city, reconsider staying here. Way busier than the normal hotel. However, this was right by everything, we walked all over. I had fun being able to just walk a couple blocks and just being in the mix, however the trash and noise late at night was crazy",4
2472, October 2018,NYC girls trip,We had an amazing view for a reasonable price. The location is great! The service was good. The hotel restaurant was also good. If your going to see a broadway show this is a good location to stay. Lots of restaurants nearby.,5
2473, October 2018,four day stay,"Been there for a long weekend with my son oct. 2018.Central location, clean and spacious room, frienly staff made the stay very good.Easy to get there and near to main city attractions.I will recomend to my friends for sure.",5
2474, October 2018,"good positions, but general quality(business hotel level).","We have stayed the hotel in one week.But we felt the noisy, poor travel ameneities, worse communications among staff.We don't use any gym or facility ,but we must pay the extra expensive facility fee.",3
2475, October 2018,First time in NYC!!,"We went for my husband's birthday. We had a ball. Hotel is a short walk from Broadway shows, Times square, Central park, location was Excellent! Decor In the rooms a bit dated but you don't spend much time in the room anyway! House keeping in every day, staff lovely and helpful with directions, taxis, helping print boarding passes. Etc. Breakfast lovely, we included it in our booking, well worth it.. coffee, juices, fresh fruit, an egg and a pastry every morning, great start to the day! A bit noisy by night, but then you are In the heart of the city!They also sent up a bottle of wine to the room for my husband's birthday! Would definately go back!!",4
2476, October 2018,Worst Service for an NYC 4 star hotel! Shame on you ROW NYC,"Be ware! The hotel charges you an additional RESORT fee of $30 dollars plus tax a day ($40 per day). The fee includes very unnecessary services such as gym access, bottled water and coupon in the city. The hotel will tell you that you are not to reject the fee. They tell you they have the right to legally charge you these cost even if you don't want to use it. They said we, as guests, do not have the right to decline these additional service. In addition, they won't cancel with refunds, if you refuse to pay for the resort fee and want to cancel the reservation. More, after trying to reason and dispute this fee with the hotel manager on duty on the evening of 10/21/2018, he downgraded me to a worst, smallest, and the noisiest room in the hotel right between the Janitor's",1
2477, September 2018,Great Location,Great Hotel & great Value ! We stayed at the Row Hotel for a week. We really enjoyed our stay. The hotel location is perfect. Amazing location in the heart of Times Square. 1 block away from 9th ave! Rooms are a bit small but this didn't bother us as we were out for most of the day. Staff was super friendly. We definitely will be back next year.,4
2478, October 2018,"Perfect location, great overall hotel.","Im a returning guest, its my 7th time coming now to Row. Its my go to place for when i'm in New York, perfect location and the staff are usually really helpful. It's just got everything you need. I would totally recommend the Doughnuts in City Kitchen next door to Row. They're amazing!!",5
2479, October 2018,to be avoided,"the staff at the lobby desk for check in was not very kind.The room was quite small.But more important, the room was extremely noisy. No way to sleep during the full night.I definitely recommend to avoid this hotel.",1
2480, October 2018,Girlie weekend ROW NYC,"Love this place, great location, clean, white fresh r linnen and walls, I like the window shadesand the RESTaurant wall art! The tv and internet was easy. The security was near the elevators. I like the secure elevators where you type in your floor number and then it tells you which elevator to go to.",5
2481, October 2018,Perfect location,"Hotel was central to everything (times square, subway, bus station). We were able to walk to most places. Rooms and facilities clean and modern. Rooms warm enough, didn’t need to use heater. We got a free room upgrade. WiFi was great. Hotel security 24/7.",4
2482, December 2017,Magical Trip to NYC,"We visited for 3 nights in December 2017. We absolutely loved this hotel for its facilities and location to Times Square. Like any New York hotel the rooms are small and basic but we weren't in NYC in December to stay in the room. The downstairs area has a fantastic open plan bar and seating area which was fab to sit and people watch at any time of the day and the on site food outlets were great, especially for breakfast. I wouldn't hesitate to go back if we return to NYC.",5
2483, October 2018,Great time!,"I loved how close and convenient it was as I was attending a conference in the Times Square area. It was easy to find and only a quick walk from Penn Station. The room was clean and comfortable, and my request for a fridge was easily accommodated.",5
2484, October 2018,DO NOT STAY - Hotel is fraudulent,"The hotel is average at best. Average cleanliness, interior is aging and deteriorating. The price is excessive for what you get. However, what is the real issue is the fraud conducted by the hotel. I phoned the hotel twice from South Africa before coming, asking what the situation is with regard to accepting Amazon packages on my behalf. They told me no problem at all. I travel frequently and have had packages delivered to many hotels all around the world with no issue. However, after noticing peculiar charges on my credit card, I contacted the General Manager. He then told me I was charged $58 for accepting packages on my behalf. At absolutely no point was I made aware of this fee: not before I arrived, not when I received the packages, not when I checked out. Simply",1
2485, October 2018,Awful,I would never stay here again.Apart from the location this place has nothing good to say about it.Tired and old it feels like student accommodation. Not even sound proof .The rooms are tiny and the beds very uncomfortable,1
2486, October 2018,Terrible Service - $58 of hidden fees to accept 4 small packages,"After calling the hotel twice beforehand and not being told of these fees, I was charged $58 for accepting 4 small amazon packages. This is fraud. I will be notifying booking.com and Tripadvisor as well as other sites.",1
2487, October 2018,Location! Location! Location!,"This was my first stay t the Row since it changed from the Milford Plaza. Really enjoyed my stay and would stay here again for sure.The hotel has been modernized and the rooms are clean and comfortable. The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. The concierge is great and always willing to help.I had the breakfast package and the baked goods were yummy ad fresh daily. It would have been nice though to have it changed up a bit though from pastry type items.The location of the Row is fantastic as it is close to Times Square, the Theater District, the subway and for those who like to walk its within walking distance to Central Park. Also close to lots of restaurants on 8th and 9th ave.No need to look anywhere else. Will stay here again next time.",4
2488, October 2018,Last minute delay this hotel came through for us!,"On our return to New York our cruise ship was delayed so at the last minute, not able to make our late night flight home,needed accommodation in NY. We paid $330.00 US for a Queen bed at the Row after trying a few others. Another hotel recommended them so we lucked out! Being a Saturday night and weekend before Halloween things were very booked up. Great location walk to Times Square and close to Cruise ship Terminal but will pay $ in Taxi depending on supply/demand and NY was hopping! Cool vibe in lobby area very losers and clean. Huge eatery on opposite side of reception. Our cost included a Continental Breakfast of coffee/tea, apple or orange juice, piece of fruit-banana,orange or apple, fresh bakery item- croissant, bagel, toast, various other pastries with butter,",4
2489, October 2018,Very satisfited,"This hotel is in a very good localisation and the rooms are cleans. The staff is really nice, they accepted to change our room because the fisrt one was too small. The hairdryer didnt work anymore and they brought to us another only 15min later. We had a really good stay at the row hotel. Thank you",4
2490, October 2018,WORST NYC HOTEL I’VE EVER STAYED AT,"I typically stay at the Soho Grand, Beakman, or Michaelangelo but the prices were so much better for the Row and since my business trip was in mainly in the theatre district The Row seemed idea. The second I checked in, I knew I made a huge mistake. Unfriendly front desk. Got to my room - a USED ear plug next to the bed, an open used lotion bottle with lotion on the carpet, dust everywhere, dark marks that looked like burn marks on the curtain. I went down and politely complained, housekeeping came up and did a subpar job (removed the used ear plug, left the lotion bottle). But the real horror was when i tried to draw myself a bath and the water was BROWN. I took pictures and emailed to GM and took picture to front desk. The aloof front desk guy “apologized” and gave me a refund",1
2491, October 2018,"Bad quality, far away from 4 star rating","Dirty, worn up hotel/rooms. Not worth the money. Photos on webpage taken with panoramic view; in real life rooms are much more smaller than they look on photos. Lobby modern and nice looking. Rooms terrible. Dirty and even mold in the bathroom. Far away from 4 star rating.",1
2492, October 2018,Exelente,"Excellent location, My family was super happy ,is closed to the time square. good restaurant around too. I will be back in the summer. Is nice restaurant inside at hotel They have house keeping everyday",5
2493, October 2018,rownyc,Excellent location for exploring new york. excellent access to all transport needs. room of standard new york size. Excellent wifi connection. Would return no problem. Will recommend to frienda and family,5
2494, October 2018,Should find better place for the final price,"The facility fee was totally not expected in the fianl bil, never discloed on the booking or on arrrival. The elevators not working, need to wait 5 to 10 minutes to get one. The room (carpet) was not clean.",2
2495, October 2018,Worse Hotel Ever!,"I stayed at this hotel for 2 days on a business trip and honestly it will be my last time staying at this hotel when I do come and visit nyc. The manager I believe his name is John, he works overnight is a jacka** very unprofessional and I couldn’t believe row nyc had such a douche as a manager. Never again !!",1
2496, October 2018,Busy and Impersonal,Hotel is busy with guests checking in all hours of the day. Hallway is dim. No coffee making facilities in room. You need to walk down the hallway to get your cold/hot water. You would expect at least bottles of mineral water to be provided for the price you pay. No coffee making facilities in room.Once you have checked in there is no further contact with any hotel staff as the access to the rooms is away from the front desk. You do not get any sense of warmth and hospitality.,2
2497, October 2018,Not the best for a business trip,"The first room I got was so noisy because it was closed to the elevator...I asked for a new one and only after one night I got a new one, actually very good with the view.I thought that everything was solved...unfortunately the third day I can not have a shower in the morning because the water was cold, so I had to wash my self with cold water to be presentable to the business meetings...that’s not acceptable for the price of the hotel... the compensation was 75 dollars, is it enough???",2
2498, October 2018,Convenient stay in NYC,"This hotel is easy to get to, friendly, and has access to good food. The room was quiet and clean. The staff was friendly and we would return to stay again. As an ""older"" couple, we still felt comfortable in this modern space.",5
2499, October 2018,Awesome experience at ROW NYC!,Great hotel. Great value. Great experience. Perfect location. Great deals. I highly suggest booking the ROW NYC. Exceptional service. The entire staff from the front desk to all of the teams was a very pleasant experience..,5
2500, October 2018,N.Y. mini break,"Had a 5 day 4 night stay at Row NYC......really nice hotel with friendly and very helpful staff. Great location perfect for everything. First room was not very nice but row was happy to move us to better ròom, no complaints.",4
2501, October 2018,Top location in a vibrant hotel,"This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. The first time was so good that I decided to return again with my daughter. We had originally booked a superior double room, but we had the option to upgrade to a 'deluxe' room for a modest additional cost which we took advantage of. The additional benefit of the deluxe room was the city views and the views certainly did not disappoint. However, I would argue that the room was very tired, cramped and certainly not deluxe! I would go further and say not 'superior' just basic. The carpet was dirty and had an iron scorch marked into the fabric from previous occupants. Our room was on the 10th floor looking over 8th Avenue, so the traffic noise was difficult to contend with. The room is not sound-proofed so you have to quickly",4
2502, October 2018,Perfect for that quick trip with a great location.,"The hotel check in and out was a breeze, the housekeeping were helpful. The Wifi was spotty but can’t help that. Noise does travel from outside from the corridor and the doors echo slamming so sleeping aids helped. Overall location perfect and had no problems.",4
2503, October 2018,row nyc,"Great location. Rooms are very small but clean.The staff is good.At first we got a room with small sized beds, so my legs were out of the bed. They insisted that all beds are one size. It took us some discussions until the manager agreed to come with us to our room and only then agreed to move us to another room at no extra charge",3
2504, October 2018,Not worth the buck paid.,I’ve been here a few times. There’s always a bad feeling of over rated. But this time I ‘am leaving a message. the room was not clean at all. The walls where so thin we could here neighbors whisper in there room and they hallway. The bathroom is so tiny you have to move the toilet paper out of the way to sit on toilet. Nicely located. Trendy place. Way to expensive.,2
2505, October 2018,Terrible experience,Small and dirty rooms! The hot water was unavailable the first day so I had to take a cold shower! I intended to stay there for 5 nights but changed to another hotel on the second night die to the reasons mentioned above.,1
2506, October 2018,Perfection! In the heart of everything!,"An affordable hotel with all the right amenities. Amazing location in the heart of Times Square. 1 block away from 9th ave! Amazing AC, Amazing Beds, Amazing Views, Amazing Coffee and Pastries from Baltazar! I had an easy Check in, with detailed information and maps provided to the surrounding area. 24hr gift shop (in case you need water or forget your charger like me).",5
2507, October 2018,Nice hotel,"Nice and clean hotel, perfect place to be in New York. If you are there for a holiday it is a good startingpoint of your day.Rooms are smal but niceThe food was oke and the service at the bar is good",4
2508, October 2018,A Grest Hotel,Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at The Row. Definitely a great place to stay. All the staff were friendly and helpful. The only thing I found to be a bit “disagreeable” was the laundry charges...very expensive.,4
2509, October 2018,"Good balance between price, location and quality","Stayed for a full week. Rooms are good, small as all in NYC. Location is perfect, few blocks from Times Square and 1 block of Port Authority. To visit the City and get a comfortable room works. Elevators are always full and you need to wait a few minutes. For me it is not a problem but is really frequent. The worst is Checkin, which is realy slow. Summart: great location, good room. You get what you pay.",3
2510, October 2018,New York experience,"Arrived at the Row after a two and half hour taxi ride from JFK airport, all yellow cabs have a policy of fix fee to and from the airport, we speedily checked in and was instantly upgraded, wow we thought, and a completely drink at the hotel bar, beer crap!!! moving on, June an I was wondering what our room would have been like had the hotel had not have upgraded, the room was 2720 , 27 floor room 20 great view at the rear of the hotel and view of Times Square through the high rise buildings, the rooms are a good size, bathroom a bit tight, but things on closer inspection are very grubby, gunge stuck to the wheels on chair in the room, and hair stuck to June’s cable of her curling tongues every-time it touched the floor,?the room we think was in need of a update in our opinion,",2
2511, October 2018,Good hotel!!,"Also using last year, I was staying for the second time. It's a convenient location to go anywhere, so I like it very much!Breakfast was delicious, and the staff was friendly.I would like to stay at this hotel again!",4
2512, October 2018,Another great stay at Row NYC,"Best area, great service, second year staying. I have recommended to other family members and they will be staying in the near future. Will not stay anywhere else on all of my future trips to NYC. Thank you guys!",5
2513, October 2018,Would stay there again... City Kitchen and District M Pizza were excellent!,"Stayed there as part of a promotion through Wyndham time share (this was our lodging provided... this is not a time share nor a Wyndham). We had a nice time. Around the corner from 42nd St Times Square subway entrance. They gave us a corner room with king bed ($40 per night upgrade but worth it). We slept well. Comfy bed and double shades that kept light and sound out. Adjacent to City Kitchen, a great food court with Latin, Mediterranean, Coffee/Donuts, Lobster Rolls, Sushi, Burgers, etc. I was happy with prices and selection. District M has pizza 1pm til midnight (?). Ours was super good! Only disappointment... $60 ""Facilities fee"" for two nights (maybe $30/night?) covers wifi access, business center, fitness center. This seems excessive for what we didn't use. Close",4
2514, October 2018,Not applicable,"When offering coupon packages the hotel should be in sink with the offers and know how to help guests when having problems. For the breakfast, adding a couple more staff would make the line go faster. But overall it was ok.",4
2515, October 2018,Four night stay at the ROW,I've stayed at this hotel many times over the last few years. I select this because of it's great location (just off Times Square) on 8th Avenue and value. Accommodation is a bit cramped and the internal décor is not the best but hey! who cares - you don't spend much time in your room when visiting NYC do you!!! I will stay there again and highly recommend this hotel.,4
2516, October 2018,Perfect hotel to stay in Manhattan,I have stayed here a few times and the hotel has improved each time. Everything is very efficient. Easy check-in and out via email. Rooms very clean and water bottles and water stations provided which was a bonus. I would definitely stay here again.,5
2517, October 2018,"Super Location, but noisy and underclassifyed","I really appreciated to be so close to Time Square and 5th avenue. But when I went to take my key (late but I've sent a mail in advance), my superior room was given to someone else and I had to wait 1h to get a normal room.The room was vey noisy (there was a door between mine and neighboors one) and I could hear them as they were present in the room.",3
2518, October 2018,ROW NYC,"A centrally located hotel with clean rooms. We had breakfast on site and was very satisfied with the selection. The rooms are tight, but we spent most of the time exploring. Would definitely stay again. The bell men, always got us a taxi as soon as we asked. Thanks for a great weekend",5
2519, October 2018,FANTASTIC EXPERIENCE IN ROW NYC,"We had a great stay at Row Hotel and their lounge District M. Everything was wonderfull, from check in to check out. breakfast was great and the staff very friendly. night time pizza and cocktails were great too and Zak, Jose, Ubib and Carlo were fantastic !",5
2520, October 2018,"Very good location, very poor hotel","We arrived in the afternoon, and the first thing we were told, was that our room (Deluxe room with city view) was unavailable, and we would be downgraded and get some compensation. As we said this was unacceptable and not okay, the receptionist told us the room was actually better than the Deluxe room with a city view, and we would get a mini fridge for free. We decided to take the room to avoid further discussions. Neither of us has ever tried living in a room that small. We had nowhere to put our clothes, as the room was not accommodated with a closet, and there was nowhere to put our suitcase except the floor right in front of the bathroom. The following day, we decided that we would call the reception to explain our situation, but unfortunately, the phone at the room did",2
2521, October 2018,Good Central Location,"Good hotel if you're looking for a central location. Very close to Times Square and the Theatre District. Clean but small room and bathroom. Great if you are only planning to spend a short amount of time in the room. Internet works and is fast, no issues. Overall, happy with my stay and would stay here again.",4
2522, October 2018,Central Hotel,"Had a reasonable stay at the ROW but may not stay there again as it is getting dated in the many floors which the rooms are on. The foyer gives it a sharp look but when you get to your floor, it was drab and the lights were set to low. The room was OK however the shower curtain didn't stop the water from going all over the floor.",4
2523, October 2018,EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS HOTEL IS MISLEADING,"I can honestly say that staying at this hotel RUINED my vacation to NYC. First of all, I booked a QUEEN STANDARD room to stay for two nights, and when I asked to verify if the bed was queen, the associate told me that it was. Check in isn't until 4PM, so when my friend and I came back to the hotel around that time to check in, I was shocked to see a FULL-sized bed in our room (plus the room was so dirty-- but more on that later.) When we went down for assistance, the manager told us that we had booked their ""cheapest standard room"" and that they don't guarantee a queen sized bed. I argued that I specifically booked a QUEEN STANDARD, and that I even double checked with an another associate earlier to avoid this mess. The manager just shrugged and insisted that the hotel was",1
2524, October 2018,Two night stay for fun,"I really liked this hotel, especially in comparison to recent New York stays. It's very convenient, friendly staff, quick in and out valet parking available (but pricey...but worth it). Walking distance to pretty much everything .",5
2525, October 2018,Roaches and harassment,"Having stayed at the Milford Plaza and then the ROW numerous times over the years (it has always been a go to for us), I was extremely disappointed in our 5 night stay this go around. We found roaches in our room and was basically ignored by the staff. Twice hotel security knocked on our door and accused us of smoking marijuana, which made us laugh, however, the security person was rude about it. Rest assured there was no smoking of anything in our room.",2
2526, October 2018,Nice stay,"The room and bathroom was small but was fine for the purpose. The bed was comfortable and the decor and atmosphere of the room and hotel was fitting for NY. Oddly the outlets didn't work well, our phones would quit charging through the night or the hair dryer would quit mid dry, it was weird but overall I would definitely choose to stay here again.",4
2527, October 2018,Awesome location and ease of use.,It was great stay. The room was Clean and the staff was friendly. The single room I had was small but comfortable. Modern and functional. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. Lots of decent and cheap food just blocks away. Shake Shack.....,4
2528, October 2018,"Great location, mediocre room","Super location just off Times Square. Easy walk to everything. The room was very small, even by NYC standards. Basically just a bed and barely enough space to move around it. Bathroom size and layout were absurd. I actually had to sit sideways on the toilet to use it. Housekeeping was good, but room carpet was old and badly burned. Wouldn’t stay again. Poor value relative to other hotels I’ve stayed in near there.",2
2529, October 2018,NYC stay Oct,"I would recommend staying at this hotel for its location to times square/broadway/a subway station (we walked most places) however be aware that the rooms are quite small (which is fine if like us you plan on only sleeping there) and make sure you ask for a room away from the elevators. We were very lucky on check in to get Junior who informed us that he was going to get an upgrade as the room we had booked was not great unfortunately for us however we could not move until the 2nd night of our stay. He was correct with his statement about the first room being 'not great' - it was terrible! We were put in 933 which is right next to the elevators which are extremely noisy and the room and bathroom were ridiculously small, the room had also not been dusted in quite some time and",3
2530, October 2018,Disappointing,"It is advertised as a modern hotel but in reality it is very old with bad smell and expensive, the employees treat badly the guests except for the bell boys (for the tips) they charge an extra fee to the agreed price for the ""facilities"" (USED OR NOT) without warning when making the check in of 30 dollars per day and they charge it to your credit card without the right to claim at your check out so I ENDED UP PAYING LIKE THE MARRIOT MARQUIS THAT IS ON THE CORNER NEAR TIME SQUARE",2
2531, October 2018,Disappointing,"Before booking, I read a lot of mixed reviews, the most common negative being the small rooms and the hotel needing a bit of TLC. When you go to New York, you literally need a base camp to sleep and wash in, so we weren’t precious about having a big room or fancy facilities. HOWEVER; The room was so small we had to turn sideways to walk around the bed, the wardrobe was no bigger than a school locker, and the carpet (all 3 square ft of it...) was filthy. The lobby and restaurant are very clean and modern, but the other disappointment was the reception staff. I cannot express how rude they were. As we arrived at the desk, the receptionist yawned so loudly as we were giving our details that we had to repeat them when she was done. She was sighing the whole time and tapped her",2
2532, October 2018,Great hotel and location,"Great hotel, very modern - the bar served really good cocktails and amazing pizza. The rooms was very good and kept pretty clean throughout our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel if your looking for a NYC holiday!",4
2533, October 2018,Needs maintenance,There was some kind of plastic laid over the bathtub but there were holes in it which had been repaired with sealing agent. The plastic was still leaking so there was old bathwater under it which squeezed out when you stepped on the plastic (ugh!). The wall behind the TV was falling apart. The air conditioning was noisy so I turned it of but it was still like you were in an airplane. Thought I would get a better room at a four star hotel for this price!,2
2534, October 2018,Spent a nice time!,"I spent 5 days in New York and stayed in Row NYC hotel which I booked directly from the hotel website. You get additional benefits by booking directly from its website such as coupons and discounts in outlets. Hotel was in a very good location inside timesquare. Food in the restaurants are pretty good too and there is security which checks for people taking the lifts during the evening, so pretty reassures you. Overall good experience and nice time in NY",4
2535, October 2018,Totally Disgusting,"This hotel is grimy and in dire need of an overhaul. Everything smelled of cigarettes and had a film on it. Wish I had a Naked Gun body condom to sleep in that bed. The room had absolutely zero noise-proofing, you could hear everything happening in the adjacent rooms and hallway.",1
2536, October 2018,bad review,It was not a pleasant time. you can't paint over a nasty wall and expect the room to look good. I did like the view but everything else was horrible. I do not recomend this experience to anyone. they mixed up my reservation and I ended up paying 800 dollars for 2 nights.,1
2537, October 2018,Cool hotel in an interesting neighborhood,Row is conveniently located steps away from most of the Broadway theaters and provides for an easy access to both entertainment and eateries. Rooms are spacious per NYC standards and bedding is comfortable. Downstairs canteen offers good breakfast options on a budget.,4
2538, October 2018,Great stay!,We checked in Oct 14th and Latonya at the front desk was very professional and a real joy. I was able to check in early and she was so helpful. The lobby bar is amazing and the staff so fun. I was helped the next day with Christina S. at the front desk another excellent employee. She helped with all my questions and gave many suggestions with laughs and smiles- Both Latonya & Christina and the lobby bar staff made this stay awesome. (good breakfast at the lobby bar). We will be back thanks to these 2 ladies from the front desk!,5
2539, October 2018,"Good Location, Good Looking, Not that clean!","Location was great, hotel design is cool, front desk guys friendly, online response was quick and efficient and generally the site staff was very helpful with all my family members requests.The in site food options are a helpful option for quick meals, was kinda overpriced but for NY it was ok. This hotel is in the middle of all the Times Sq/ broadway action, so expect a VERY VERY BUSY lobby and long waits for the elevators. The downside of everything started to happen when we checked in and started discovering the place. I was kind of disappointed about the cleanness and the low maintenance some of the areas have. Lobby Restrooms was always dirty, hallways carpets are really dirty and smelly and the shower was very moldy at the time we got in to our room.Room was Ok, but VERY",3
2540, October 2018,Close to Times Square but filthy room,"As far as location goes, the Row is in the heart of the action. However once you get beyond the nice lobby, the room was tiny and dirty. There was thick dust lining the headboards and tile ledge in the bathroom. The dust between the bed and the wall was disgusting. The room smelled like a damp basement. And there wasn’t a coffee maker which made mornings less than convenient. I would never stay here again.",2
2541, October 2018,Excellent location,"Excellent location right beside Times Square and theatres for Frozen and Anastasia. The hotel is excellent, with great views. The bed is extremely comfortable and no noise heard in the rooms. The wifi is excellent also.",5
2542, October 2018,One day in New York,I only stayed one night at this hotel but my experience was very nice. The room was very cleaned and the views were quite nice. The situation is very close to Times Square and the street is very populated at every time. Very recommendable... I would come back to this hotel in the future!!,4
2543, October 2018,Location Location,"Row Hotel has a location that is hard to beat, next to Everything! The rooms are OK but not top quality, the rooms are clean but not immaculate, the staff is friendly but impersonal, you have to pay for service you not always need, the beds are good but not top quality, weith all that said...it´s not a bad blace to stay while in NYC.",4
2544, October 2018,Horrible for the price! Noisy and outdated,"This hotel is in a good location if you are touring NYC, but it is so outdated it and dingy. They charge an additional fee for services like water, gym and internet. This is paid upon arrival and in addition to the room rate. Water dispenser broken in every floor but 1. The noise from the elevator on the other side of my room was so loud I couldn’t sleep at all.",2
2545, October 2018,pricey,"good location in times squire, near a lot of broadway theatresbut pricy and I was charged for facilities that I didn't use. the room was small and not very impressive with regards to the price the staff not friendly",3
2546, August 2018,I Stay Here Everytime,"For the last 5 trips I've made to NYC I have stayed at The Row. Couldn't recommend it higher, the rooms are good (for NYC), and comfortable. It's in a fantastic location for Time Square and close to all the tourist stuff you could want to do.",5
2547, October 2018,"Great for solo business traveler, hallways scared me","Room was small, about the size of a cruise ship room, very clean, internet was great. Furniture could use an upgrade, very low to ground- I felt like a giant and I’m 5’6”. One half of the fake drapes were just missing. Hallways were dimly lit and some of the murals were scary- even to me. For a female solo traveler, this was a little unsettling. However, staff was nice and the location is great. Elevators rocked- took you right to your floor cluster.",4
2548, October 2018,"Great location, minimalist design","This hotel was perfectly situated for theater, Times Square, most other mid-town attractions. the room was somewhat minimalist, but clean with a comfortable bed. Not enough storage in the bathroom-no shelves there. Staff was helpful.",4
2549, September 2018,excellent attention,"great location, near to subway and bus terminal, to teathers and Times Square.. The personal are very nice, so clean, was perfect experience, free wifi, and souvenir's store very cute, disccount in food, i enjoy this experience, amaziong vacations at row nyc. I would like booking again in my next trip to new york.",5
2550, October 2018,4th time back,"easy quick reasonable & convenient. can one ask for more? around the corner from the theaters we were attending, great reasonable and convenient food stops and people people everywhere one would look.",4
2551, October 2018,A very well located Hotel,Right in down town and within minutes walking distance from major point of interest.Staff very friendly and able to do everything they can to make an enjoyable stay.Lobby and elevators are a little bit tired as well as some bathrooms. This was my third stay and in the previous two stay I also was upgraded to a Junior Suite and to a Suite with renouvated bathrooms. Will stay there again on my next stay,3
2552, October 2018,Noisy and tiny,"Slamming of doors from other guests really disturbing. Tiny bathroom with no place to place your big luggage except on the floor. Phone in the room was not working, security guard came knocking on the door like you have committed a crime! Unfriendly reception staff members, unapproachable attitude that you would wonder if any one free to take your request, key didn't work the second day as if it was your fault. My company chose the hotel, otherwise I wouldn't stay there!",1
2553, October 2018,Location Location,"Check in was quick and went smoothly, to use the lifts you need to put in your floor number which seems to work well. Room was quite small but clean, storage was adequate ,air conditioning was noisy couldn't have it going through the night as it kept us awake. No tea or coffee making facilities which we knew beforehand ,but you could get water and ice on select floors. In the room you had a iron, ironing board, safe and hairdryer, the towels were changed daily and there were complementary toiletries in the bathroom. Location was perfect in the heart of the City. There was a bar but prices were a bit steep, upstairs a variety of places to eat and you got a discount from staying in the Hotel. We learnt our lesson after the first night eating out our bill for 8 of us two course",4
2554, October 2018,Nice stay,"ROW is a very good hotel with a very good location. It's easy to go to the subway and there are a bunch of restaurants close, cheap and expensive ones. The bed is awesome and people are very nice and helped us a lot.",4
2555, October 2018,"Great location, great service and great NYC trip!","This trip was for my granddaughters 18th birthday and senior year of high school--her first trip to NYC. We chose The Row because of the location and the pricing. Our reservations were made on line; however, due to some changes we made to our reservation (because of hurricane Michael in our area) we had occasion to correspond by email with one of the reservation agents, Stephanie Solari. She was most efficient in handling our changes and very prompt doing so. She is an asset to The Row. We stayed in room 1605; had two queen comfortable beds. Bathroom amenities were nice, plentiful; room was clean; air conditioner worked great. There were three of us (my daughter, granddaughter and myself) in the room, and we have no complaints. The location is superb! We like to stay",5
2556, September 2018,Location 5*,This hotel was in a fantastic location. Unfortunately cleanliness was not great in the rooms which really let it down. The staff were courteous. The bar was good. Confusing on the grades of the rooms as well with the pictures on websites.,3
2557, October 2018,Avoid!,"On the surface someone has done a great branding and marketing job on ROW NYC. Unfortunately it’s pretty, no - make that very - superficial.A trendy, Ian Schraeger-style dark entrance and bright wall coverings disguise a shoddy makeover. From the start, the wait for elevators was regularly lengthy; presumably the call system where you’re directed to a specific elevator based on the floor you enter was meant to work better. The carpets and public areas obviously look tired and in need of a clean/lick of paint despite the low lighting. It doesn’t get any better in the rooms. Chipped paint, worn carpets and frankly dirty surfaces along with the low budget refurb from whatever the place was before all make this a pretty depressing experience. And I found an assortment of discarded",1
2558, October 2018,"Terrible experience, very disappointing","I experienced a poor incoming and check-in communication; furthermore, I received no support from the staff upon my arrival, and received no communication about the services I would have been billed for.To make things worse, my guest room was dirty, since the furniture was covered with dust, and also our bathroom was unconfortable.",1
2559, September 2018,Very convenient,"Great hotel right in the middle of everything. No coffee maker in room, or fridge, but both can be requested on arrival. but they can be hard to get (we took our own coffee maker). We had trouble with noise to start with but staff were very obliging and helped us change rooms. Internal rooms are best for noise but depends on other guests of course.",5
2560, October 2018,Poor service and bad cleanliness!!!,"Most of the staff were rude and unwelcoming, except for Junior who provided us with great service upon check in.Rooms were outdated, small and not cleaned properly. And the A/C in the room was EXTREMELY noisy and didn’t work properly.",1
2561, July 2018,Great location and fab views!,"Amazing location , easy access to everything we needed and fab views! Had to change rooms as first one had a cockroach running around the room! Not much fun but caught it! Got a good upgrade and was dealt with well by hotel. Good brekkie for on the go too. Would stay again only gave 3 stars due to the bugs!",3
2562, October 2018,A great hotel experience,"My daughter and I spent a few days in NYC and Row NYC was recommended. It was great. The location was perfect. We could walk everywhere. Close to Times Square, theaters and close enough to walk to Central Park and Rockefeller Center. We loved the hotel.",5
2563, October 2018,Great location!,"Everything was great. Is all about location and it is perfect.Is near Times Square and the theatres are just around the corner.You can go anywhere just waking, for example Empire State, Madison Square Garden, the Public Library, etc",4
2564, October 2018,Great Location,Nice no frills hotel in a fabulous location in the centre of everything. Rooms are nice but the bathrooms are small and the bar shuts very early. Staff were friendly. Watch out for the facilities fee of $35 per night that they charge you on check out.,4
2565, October 2018,convenient location,The hotel was conveniently located to an event I was attending at the Javitz Center. We were able to walk to and from the event and hotel. This helped saved on travel costs. Continental breakfast was included as well.,4
2566, October 2018,"Great location, great value!","ROW NYC is a no frills, modern hotel in a fabulous location at a great price. Don't come here for glamour, but you'll get more than you pay for. Staff is friendly, rooms are clean. The hallways are dark, which is meant to be modern but I get the feeling it's to hide something, like shortcuts on the renovation.",5
2567, October 2018,Weekend Stay,"Stayed yet another time at the Row. And another great stay. Like all of NYC rooms, they are small, but clean and so convenient to everything. A nice place to stay with nice staff. And the location is great.",5
2568, October 2018,Hello NYC,The location is excellent. Nellie and Zach at the front desk were helpful. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. Our group felt safe in the neighborhood surrounding the hotel as we went to shows or walked around Times Square. We'll be back!,4
2569, October 2018,Nice place to stay for a short visit.,The water and ice machines apparently are under construction on most floors. Touting water available but then making guests hunt for it wasn’t very nice. The view was spectacular and the room was clean. Bedding was itchy but expected for the reasonable price.,4
2570, October 2018,New York trip,Stayed here for my 40th birthday staff went out there way to upgrade rooms me and my family were staying in and also to get us all on same floor Hotel was in great location only round corner from main part of Times Square Staff were friendly and helpful,5
2571, October 2018,"Great location, cheap, okay service and amenities.","It was modern, clean, room was spacious, staff might be available to help you. Be resourceful and make sure you look around to find the amenities. On site bar was also the the breakfast bar in the morning. I wish it was included in the price...it was a little expensive...you can just go across the street for a cheaper breakfast.",3
2572, October 2018,A restful hotel,Rest and calm amidst the Times Square chaos. Staff was exceptional. Clean room with beautiful views. Lounge and hallways relaxing. Filtered water and toiletries were indicative of knowing the needs of the guests.,4
2573, October 2018,Too crowdy,"People is clover around, the hotel does not have reconstruction since 3 decades ago. The beds are good and the bathroom too, the outside looks like a very bad smell environment. Low lights, a bit scary. They charge to you for a service of ""facilities"" like pool and gym and you have to pay them even if you do not use it.",3
2574, October 2018,Extremely Dirty,I am giving you a very low review because the guest room and the elevator were beyond dirty. I had asked the cleaning lady to come and clean the room and it took her less than 1 minute to clean it. It was so dirty I cannot really find the words. I paid 286 dollars a night plus taxes and I believe the cleanliness did not justify the room. I was in room 1829. My name is Jeannette Collazo. Feel free to call me if you need more info.,1
2575, October 2018,Great location! Great hospitality!,"The staff at this hotel went above and beyond to ensure my stay with them was a positive one. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and overall a beautiful place to stay. The location is incredible and the price unbelievable for what the offer. This will likely be my go-to stay next time I'm in the city.",5
2576, October 2018,Recommended,"Excellent location in 8th Avenue, closed to Broadway and Times Square and 10 minutes away from the Central Park. The services provided were good, the staff was very friendly. Internet could be better on speed.",5
2577, October 2018,Do not stay at ROW NYC,"The service was poor, staff wasn't helpful, especially if you travel from Canada because they don't understand the difference between Canadian and US dollar. I wouldn't stay there again because it was low value for $300US per night!",2
2578, August 2018,ROW NYC,Very basic hotel for US standards. Found flase nails and dust under the bed whilst trying to find a lost shoe. Food hall attached to the hotel useful for breakfast Very good location especially for broadway shows,3
2579, October 2018,"Un-clean room, bitten whilst in bed but great NYC location","My partner and I have recently returned from a disappointing 3 night stay at Row NYC and will not be returning. We booked the hotel room based on the reasonable price and photo’s on Row NYC’s website but were very disappointed to find how run down the room was in comparison. When we checked in we were informed we had received a room upgrade so we didn’t like to imagine what our original room was like. Our room was un-clean. Their was thick dust around the skirting, a yellow smear on the side table (which could have been a stain) and food stains on the TV channel menu. Our main concern was that we both got bitten in the night whilst in bed. This happened on both the second and third night of our stay, so the bed linen must have contained some sort of bugs. This lead to us",2
2580, October 2018,Dirty room,"I slept 1 night, Had to wait 30 mins to checkingThe room was very dirty. I founded BLOOD on the bed cover and had to call the housekeeper by my self cuz the managment staff didnt care. The buthtub was dirty. Went to talk with manager(tim) but nothing big, the took off only the facility fee(45 out of 220)",2
2581, October 2018,Good hotel,"Best place, and location, good service at reception and bars, good restaurants at city kitchen, we needed to change the room because it was dirty.By my opinion the hotel just has to improve cleaning rooms and bathrooms",4
2582, October 2018,Couldnt fault it,"loved this place. me and my mate stayed here from the 8th until the 11th of October 2018. Everywhere was spotless. We were allocated room 1048 which was on floor ten with a side view. Our room was huge with a nice big bathroom. The beds were really comfortable, I would fall asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow every night. Can't comment on food but there is a nice café over the road from the hotel which I think is called Mammas Food Court, I recommend it there. The location could be better as midtown isn't the best of areas, shall we say, trash on the streets, people smoking weed, bad smells, but the amazing Time Sq is still near. Hotel was fab. Will be back.",5
2583, October 2018,Great hotel,"This was a really great hotel. It is in walking distance to everything. A block from Times Square and Broadway. We walked to Macy's, Rockefeller Center, Central Park. The rooms were clean as was the hotel. They had some great places to eat on the premises. Prices were good at the restaurants on site as well. Staff was very helpful. If I go back to New York I would definitely stay here.",5
2584, October 2018,Worst hotel experience ever,Pathetic cleaning of the room. Did not changed the bed sheet for three days inspite of having food stains on it. Just changed the toiletries and thats all. Rooms are really small. There is heavy noise of air conditioner which makes it difficult to sleep. The staff is really rude. I called the operator and asked for scissor to cut a zip tie and the lady hanged the phone by saying they do not have one. Never going to stay in this property again. No reason to stay here until you do not have any other option.,1
2585, October 2018,First trip to NYC,"After staying with family in Brooklyn for a few days, we moved to the hotel to be closer to museums and the theatre for about 4 days. The location of this hotel was good but condition of room was more than disappointing. We expected a small room but not the loud noise level in it from the AC unit nor the very strong musty smell that was always present. Of course we had not planned to spend much time at the hotel with so much to do every day, but even though we were only in the room from later in tbe evening until morning we couldn’t wait to check out. We had paid for a room with a city view and while it was noted on the booking that was only if any were available, it almost added insult to injury when we faced into the back of the hotel and noise and smell were problematic.",2
2586, October 2018,Still a great hotel but don't expect the room you booked.,"After previously staying here in 2014 we decided to go back for a second stay at the Row NYC. Since 2014 they seem to have brought in a resort fee which pays for things like wifi, a refillable water bottle and the use of the business centre. I'm pretty sure the wifi and business centre were free last time (I know they were) so I have no idea how they actually justify this $34 a night charge. I believe with a bit of research (read that as a simple google check) it's easy to see they are avoiding the occupancy tax they would need to pay to the city if the room rate was higher. Anyway, the staff at reception were not particularly friendly and upon check in we were given a different room than we had booked, again. After checking with the happy happy reception man that we had been",4
2587, October 2018,Good choice of Hotel to stay in NYC,Row NYC Hotel is a good choice of hotel to stay in NYC. Excellently located within walking distance to many attractions. Very close to Times Square and Port Authority Bus Terminal. Very safe area. Good value for money taking into consideration NYC prices.,4
2588, October 2018,Good Location - But thats all :(,"The only good thing is that the hotel is in an excellent location. Too longer story to tell however, our original room was 12ft sq, dirty and had a whole in the bath/shower which my husband nearly fell through! New room we were given was already occupied when we entered with the key, very embarrassing for us and them. Third room was OK however still dirty, the electric blinds didn't work and the shower taps were hanging off the wall. Very poor customer service from front desk. We wouldn't recommend sadly.",2
2589, October 2018,Avoid this terrible hotel!!!,"PLEASE PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T BOOK THIS HOTEL!!! Let me start by saying that I am definitely not picky with hotels - I often prefer a dated motel with self catering than swanky modern places! We booked this hotel based on the pleasing photos online. Yes it looked basic, but was in an excellent location so seemed perfect. When we arrived the concierge apologised immediately that we were by the elevator shaft. We saw no issue with this, but he insisted that he take of the local resort fee for the room that night (approx $30). Of course, we were shocked, and just thought of it as good customer service. However, on arriving at the room, we soon understood why. Our ""double"" room was a single bed, one small bedside table and a window looking directly into another room.",1
2590, October 2018,"Clean, Friendly, Great Location","We Checked into this hotel for a 4 night couples break to New York. The staff at check in were very friendly and the check in queue was very short. The lobby area was spotless and there was a lovely fresh clean smell which was there every time you entered the lobby. The room was a little on the small side but was ideal for a 4 night break to this great city. The room was clean and the air conditioning worked great. The TV had a great selection of channels and the FREE WiFi was very very quick and worked very well. Overall great location 2 minute walk from Times Square, Would definitely recommend this hotel for all the right reasons. Thanks to all staff for making our stay so great. Will be Back.",5
2591, October 2018,"Location, location, location.",The location is perfect to be in the heart of the Theatre District. Staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms were tight and clean. I have stayed at this hotel three previous times and I will stay there again!,4
2592, October 2018,Dont go to this hotel,"Hotel is ridiculous. First they gave me a room which A/C was not working. Second they charge you a fee for internet, gym... what???? Why they dont include on the daily rate if you must pay? Ridiculous Finally, if you will buy something at Amazon, you will pay USD 10 per package. I felt robbed at this hotel and do not recommend it.",1
2593, October 2018,bad experience,"small rooms and bathrooms' air condition didn't work, very noisy everywhere a lot of noise from the air conditioning system even when its nor working, noise from the rooms nearby, front desk didnt help",2
2594, October 2018,"good location, small room and very long check-in times. Staff very friendly","The hotel has a good location, the rooms are very small, the bathroom is to small. At my stay - very long check-in times, too lang - more than 45 minutes. Staff were very friendly and helpful. So ok - but not more.",3
2595, September 2018,Sadly location is all this hotel has going for it!,"This was our 4th and final stay at ROW! We first stayed at Row just after it changed from the Milford plaza and it was great, the staff where so kind and helpful, the rooms had just been decorated and there where no rip off resort fees! The WiFi was free and anything else you paid for as you needed it IE calls which in 2018 you don’t need everyone has mobiles. Now 4 years later this hotel has drastically went downhill, issues that I have addressed directly with the hotel now. It is sad to see. Check in staff are rude, the hotel only has a small area in the lobby to relax and it’s often closed for events. The rooms are dirty and falling apart. There is mold around the bath, toilet is black the skirting and doorstop had fallen off, blinds where broke, tv remote did not work,",2
2596, October 2018,Nice but beware,The hotel is in a fantastic location right next to times square rooms are tidy and clean bar staff are very friendly but the rest of the staff are terrible. I had my sunglasses stolen from my room and when I told staff of this they could not have cared less done absolutely nothing to deal with the problem found this very disappointing .,3
2597, October 2018,Should get better for the price,"Dark spaces, does not work the electricity connection in the batroom, bad customer attention at the front desk, not water to drink, poor service, collect more for the same room when they offer a different room!",2
2598, October 2018,Super hotel,Stayed early October hotel is just 5mins.from times square. Room was very comfy and spotless.would stay again for sure all the staff we met were very helpful and friendly. We have stayed here before and was not disappointed. WiFi was good,5
2599, September 2018,Great value (.... for New York!),"A good hotel for a stay in NY. Good value (by NY Standards), clean and comfortable. We paid extra for a city view room, which was well worth it. Room looked out over the town to the Hudson River. There is a bar, and a food court with a fair range of stuff. However, loads of restaurants are in the same area. Broadway is only a block away!",5
2600, October 2018,Worst best located hotel in New York,"Best location ever. Worst room ever. The condition of the hotel was not good. The hotel was tiny as compared with the website reference. And the bathroom was 2x2. They were fairly clean, but way too small.",3
2601, October 2018,Holiday,"I came to new york with high expectations as you would it's probably one of the most visited cities in the world. I have been here before and stayed in a different hotel. Big mistake I should of re booked where I went initially. This hotel looks great in and around the lobby but this is where it ends. The room looked dated and grubby with mildew around our bath. They appear to focus on the initial view and amenities of the hotel but this is where it ends. There are some great eateries attached to the hotel which are great to dine in. The location is good but it depends how much impact a nice room has on your holiday. I can see plenty of negative reviews for the hotel and these seem to outweigh the good comments. The management replies appear to be lip service, if you truly",3
2602, September 2018,Great location,"Great location, near the theaters and restaurants. A bit dark hallways which seem run down and dirty. Rooms are clean & need updating. Staff is goods done front desk helped me get a nicer room. It's good if you need a comfortable room",4
2603, May 2017,"Small rooms, but comfy","Glad to have checked out this hotel, but a room with 2 queen beds leaves very little floor space to walk around. Tight quarters but great location for downtown meetings.beds were comfortable, modern, clean, and decent shower!",4
2604, October 2018,City visit,The staff was very professional. Our visit was just for one night. The hotel is in a great part of town. We did find the room and hallways to be very dirty. The bathroom is extremely small. Many of the outlets did not work. We will not be staying here again.,2
2605, October 2018,New York 2018,We loved the size of our room and it was very clean and the staff helpful.The location was great with plenty of places to eat close by.Subway very close Would have liked tea making facilities in the room.,5
2606, October 2018,Good place to stay,"This is a trendy hotel in a great location in NYC. While the rooms were nice, they were quite small, and could use a little touching up. The staff is great, and while a little on the pricey side, not a bad place to stay.",4
2607, October 2018,Elevator noise at rooms,"Please, dont offer room 1532 to any guest... it shouldnt be consider as a room... the noise the elevator make everytime it goes up and down can be heard clearly in that room... its like a torture... i asked for a room changed but had to stay a night there anyways because all the other rooms were full. Was not a nice place to start my trip at Ny",3
2608, October 2018,"Good location, but not worth it.","The location was great, close the Times Square. Required high facility charge, but the WiFi quality is bad and water dispenser was broken. There is no refrigerator in the room and inconvenient for take any drink or food back to the hotel.",2
2609, September 2018,Rowtastic!,"Online check in and avoid the lines. Rooms small but clean and tidy. Perfect for families and midtown visit, located in the middle of everything, you won’t regret staying here. Shake Shake just in front and Junior’s restaurant around the corner. The lifts work perfectly (just need to be cleaned more often). Subway is everywhere and you can reach any spot in Manhattan easily. Stayed here since Milford Plaza times and will continue!",5
2610, September 2018,great location,"excellent hotel, staff very helpful and friendly, times square just round the corner, housekeeping very good, would definitely stay there again was able to leave luggage until later within walking distance to empire state building and 5th avenue",5
2611, October 2018,Awful NYC Hotel.,Check in was awful. 4 employees but only one front desk worker helping a long line of people. Took 40 minutes tip check in. Put us in a handicapped room for no reason. The room was ridiculously sparse in its decoration. The only positives were the continental breakfast and the location. Will not return.,1
2612, October 2018,Great Hotel,"I enjoyed my stay. The staff was very courteous and friendly. The feel was very European due to the large quantity of foreign guests, particularly Spanish speaking clients. The lobby had a very comfortable feel.",5
2613, October 2018,Great location but definitely budget quality,Great location definitely budget quality. Staff is friendly and helpful. Lobby area nice and smells good. Rooms remind me of ikea. Our room was clean but smelled of urine and there were cockroaches in the hallway.,3
2614, October 2018,Bad Attitude,"Came to NY for business. Traveled all night, walked comic con and asked for an early check in. When the clerk asked if I wanted a room without a view, I said “I’ll wait”. She then told another patron I had an attitude. Rude.",2
2615, September 2018,Amazing stay and great staff,"We passed at Row NYC just one night. The room was clean and very beautiful, with a nice view: thanks to Junior from the front desk for giving us this amazing room at a very good price! Great deal!!!!!",5
2616, September 2018,3rd Time in New York,"On first impressions from the website this hotel seemed to be ok. As my trip was over a long weekend I wasn’t too fussed about where I stayed. I’ve stayed near Times Square before I won’t be staying that close again. The location is ideal if you literally want to be in the hustle and bustle of New York City, shops and attractions. I wasn’t impressed with the room at all. Everything about it felt unclean. From the lift, to the hallways to the rooms this hotel just needs to be updated. 90% of the hotels I’ve stayed in have been 4/5*resorts so maybe I’m used to the rooms being extremely clean. When travelling to New York expect the rooms to be very small and priced competitively as there are so many hotels.",3
2617, September 2018,an average travel hotel,"The staff is nice and helpful. We stayed 7 nights on the 21st floor. We never had to wait long for the lifts. The hotel is very centrally located and close to the subway station. The rooms are rather small and equipped only with the necessary. An iron was available, a hair dryer we searched in vain. In the corridor gave a free drinking water dispenser. The restaurant located in the hotel ""My kitchen"" has a good selection and reasonably priced. Theaters and Time Square are very close. For dinner there are good restaurants in the area.",3
2618, October 2018,Disappointed,"It's my second time in this hotel. Very disappointed from the room. Very little room and bath, the air conditioning is not working, impossible noise from the air conditioning system outside the room even when it's not working. The noise from the other rooms is impossible.",3
2619, October 2018,A Taste of NYC,I have stayed at Row NYC on four separate occasions. Two have been with groups I’ve led. The staff is professional and extremely accommodating. The M Bar is a great place to have a before or after dinner drink and the City Kitchen is convenient and tasty.,5
2620, October 2018,"V dirty, disappointing customer service and very smelly","I was here for two nights and I can’t tell you anything good or decent about the hotel except the location- The entrance is so smelly and dirty, the elevators are dilapidated and make so much noise that it almost felt like they were going to break. The lobby to the rooms was so dingy, dirty and smelly. Room barely had any amenities - not even a basic electric kettle for water. The bathroom floor was dirty and the walls were so full of dust. The tv remote was loaded with dust too. Seemed like no one used it forever. I called twice to request for one and was screamed at the first time and the second time they said they were going to send one in the room but it never arrived. And yes!! They do their best to avoid any contact at checkout so that they don’t have to hear our",1
2621, October 2018,Horrible experience !,Extremely expensive for what you get. Unbelievably small rooms. No kettle in the rooms and you don’t even get one upon a request. Rude staff. Dirty passages etc. The elevators are ancient too. Bad experience.,1
2622, September 2018,A very busy hotel,"This hotel is so busy at the front desk to attend to its guests that are already inside the room. We were booked for 4 nights and needed slippers, but after trying a hundredth time, our request remained unheeded.",2
2623, September 2018,#BASIC #STICKY FINGERS,"After reading some of the other 'amazing' reviews I must say I felt like I stayed at a different hotel!! The only 'great' thing about this hotel is the location. After a nightmare with the transfers we finally arrived at the hotel exhausted. We then proceeded to reception and was met by a very rude receptionist!! She was more interested in talking to other members of staff than greeting us. This was my first time to the big apple so I expected big things and we were really excited to get to the room as we had a table booked for diner. As soon as I opened the door I was extremely underwhelmed with our 'premium city view room'. The rooms are not 'city chic' or 'sophisticated' as the website states more like 'cramped' and 'dull'. You couldn't see any city views at all, I was",1
2624, October 2018,Terrible Hotel,"We are currently in the hotel at the moment, we have been moved once due to a loud noisy air con until even when turned off, complained and was upgraded rooms, got to this room and ran the bath and as you can see this is the water 🙈 i have never stayed in such a bad place as this. When we were moving rooms we phone the front desk to see what we were to do, the lady on the front desk replied with “do exactly what they told you to do last night” then she hung up the phone! Its just very poor",1
2625, September 2018,Great hotel,Exceptional hotel in all respects to customer service; I will definitely stay here again. Loved everyone there from check in to bartender to breakfast service. Room was amazing value. I only wish I could stay longer!!,5
2626, September 2018,Came back for more,"We have stayed at this hotel before and we love it for its proximity to Times Square, Theaters, subway and all NYC has to offer. Yes, the rooms are small but we only use it to sleep (beds very comfy). Lots of restaurants in the area. Continental Breakfast was included in this stay. Breakfast consists of a piece of fruit, hard boiled egg, pastry, coffee and juice. No seconds. Check in was easy as well as check out. We arrived at 10 am and room was not available until 4 pm. Hotel will hold your luggage (for free) so you can explore the city. The same on our departure day. We checked out at noon and returned at 6 pm to retrieve our luggage before heading to the airport for a late flight. A reminder that this hotel has a facility fee of $34/night plus 4 more taxes so the",4
2627, October 2018,Great night in NYC,"I was coming into the city for one night for a concert and wanted a centrally located hotel that was clean and comfortable. Took a chance and Row had a perfect location, and we were upgraded to a room with a fantastic view.",4
2628, October 2018,Big Apple weekend,"We love the location, so close to everything. The room was small but very comfortable. The most important thing for us is the BED !! Was extremely clean and super comfortable. And the plus of the room we have a big window facing part of TimeSquare.",5
2629, September 2018,nice location to stay in NYC,"please do not book the breakfast online, in fact have breakfast outside the hotel every single day. the quantity is not sufficient to be termed as a decent breakfast. check in is tiresome. Check-out is pretty smooth.",4
2630, September 2018,Great hotel on a perfect location,"I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The location is perfect next to Times Square. Furthermore the staff was very friendly and the hotel has everything I needed. I need to make special mention of the indoor food court, very handy and great food!",5
2631, September 2018,Enjoyable Stay,"We enjoyed staying at the Hotel, it was ideally situated near Times Square and the theatres on Broadway. Hotel was lovely and staff were friendly. Rooms were a little small and dated but they were clean and freshly made beds/towels daily so no complaints.",4
2632, September 2018,"Great hotel, great location","The hotel is really great, it has a great location, the room was very nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. There is nothing more to say I definitely recommend it we enjoyed our stay a lot :)",5
2633, August 2018,Isle of man Trevalyn,"Traditional style hotel sat right on front:let us check in early,also had breakfast,also got 2 seafront view rooms when asked as we were only booked to get one, thankyou for making our stay a nice one.",4
2634, August 2018,The Extra Fee is a Scam,"I booked this hotel using Frequent Flier miles. I received an email confirmation stating that all fees and taxes had been paid. I arrived at the hotel and was told that there would be an additional ""Resort Fee"" tacked onto my bill. This place is not a resort. It's a passably decent New York hotel. I showed them the email confirmation that said all fees had been paid. They told me that ""everyone who walks through that door is charged this fee."" This fee is a scam that would be illegal in almost any country in the world except the United States. They will tell you that the ""Resort Fee"" allows them to provide a water bottle, wifi, and phone calls. It's BS. I don't need a water bottle, and I didn't make any phone calls, and even the Comfort Inn provides free wifi. This stupid,",1
2635, September 2018,THE LULLABY OF BROADWAY,"Nice hotel since it was ""The Milford Plaza""- Well located, nice renovation, rooms kind of small, but it's normal in NYC. The Staff at the breakfast are not friendly, in fact they are intolerant with the guest, specially with those guest with kids.",4
2636, September 2018,Our first trip to New York City,t ROW Hotel you made our stay in the city very enjoyable. The hotel is in an excellent location to explore the city and the cleanliness of the rooms were exceptional. The beds were very comfortable which helped in getting a good nights sleep after an exhausting day of sight seeing. Thanks to all the staff and keep up the good work.,5
2637, September 2018,Last minute stay due to issue with another hotel,I am very surprised at other reviews for this hotel as our stay was excellent. We had to make a last minute reservation for 9/30/18 as the hotel we had booked was horrible. The rate for this hotel was not bad considering the location and the last minute booking. Th staff was extremely helpful and friendly from the front door to bell hops that held our bags for us on the day of checkout. The room was small but that is to be expected in NYC. It was clean and comfortable. I would absolutely stay at the hotel again.,5
2638, September 2018,Horrible place to stay,"Horrible place to stay, very dirty bathroom , front desk useful , carpet in the room is very dirty and old.First need to training the front desk to be more polite and efficient.And need to wash the carpet",1
2639, September 2018,Doesn't live up to expectation!,"This hotel didn't really hit the spot! Having stayed in a variety of hotels in New York over recent years, I expected more for my money. On arrival we were met with a very long queue to check in, and a very officious front desk clerk, who made a great show of reorganising the queue and moving people around when he should have been making more effort to get the increasingly agitated customers checked in. Having finally got our keys we were then faced with the most ridiculous lift system I have ever come across in a hotel. You have to punch in the number of your floor into a keypad on the wall, which then indicates which of the seven lifts you should go to to access your floor. My colleague and I were on different floors, and this system meant that we could not travel up in the",3
2640, September 2018,"Horrible, terrible, stay away from it.","Besides the location, this hotel is expensive, dirty and is not worth the money. Rooms, elevators smell bad and the crew is rude. The AC of the room I was didn't work properly. Spend your money in another hotel.",1
2641, September 2018,Great!,"I booked the ROW NYC Hotel on behalf of a colleague - she gave good feedback and would recommend it if I was ever to book for anyone else. The room was clean, great value and in an excellent location.",4
2642, September 2018,Excellent location,"Great location. This is a great hotel . I found it was good value for money .Could not be better.Small room but neat tidy and well equipped, No appropriate clost in the room only shelf space and dresser drawers.",5
2643, September 2018,Beware ! The Concierge is not part of the hotel,"The Concierge service in the Hotel Lobby is my main complaint. The Concierge desk is adjacent to the Check in Desk and appears to Guests and gives the impression that it is integral to the Hotel. It is reasonable to assume that the people working there are Employees of the Hotel. Simply I was ""ripped off"" by the Concierge who recommended a sightseeing tour that cost me an additional $108 more than it should have done. When I complained, having discovered a more suitable and cheaper option that was not offered to me, which actually fitted my specification of the type of sightseeing trip I wanted, it soon became apparent that the Concierge service is outsourced to another Company. This Company is paid commission to promote sightseeing packages. The Concierge Company refused to",2
2644, August 2018,Great Location,My friend and I had a lovely 2 night stay at Row NYC. The room was small but comfortable although I was disappointed in the lack of tea/ coffee making facilities in the room. Not being familiar with city prices I thought they were high for what you got. The location however is perfect.,4
2645, September 2018,See you next time !,"We love New York City, and would be very glad to come back - some time. But my age are now79, so I'm not sure if I will be able to do this trip again. But I will not be surpriced if I (we) will show up again.",4
2646, September 2018,"Wall hooks needed, especially in bathroom","Great location. This is a great hotel if you are here for musicals/ Broadway. Could not be better.Small additions would help. Ex. More wall hooks for towels , clothes in a small room to compensate for lack of shelf space and dresser drawers.",4
2647, September 2018,"Great location, but tiny room and costly","Great location, tiny room, well-worn. Booking agency would not refund our previous, unused, reservation - that hurt. We are retired and have to watch our money. For $350 for one night, that was a lot of money!",2
2648, September 2018,Wonderful NYC experience,"Great hotel location. It is almost right in the center of the city. You can walk to almost any where. Very friendly staff and very comfortable beds. However, make sure your reservation is cleared with the front desk staff to avoid confusion and frustration.",5
2649, September 2018,Nice location !,"Nice location, near the subway, 24hours hotel, easy access to broadway shows.Although the rooms are very tiny it is comfortable, have potable water in the location and nice restaurants ! Would stay in it again !",3
2650, September 2018,Excellent position but a little lacking in service,"Excellent position for a short stay in NYC. Very close to Times Square and a walkable distance to many attractions, Central Park, Empire States Building, Central Station etc. However we were disappointed there were no coffee making facilities and pretty patchy WiFi. The most annoying thing was being stung for an extra 34.42$ a night 'facility charge'. Not very impressive.",4
2651, September 2018,A great stay in the perfect location!,"My friend and I met in NYC for a week's vacation and we chose this hotel from a web site. It exceedd our expectations with cleanliness, comfort of beds and quality of service from the reception staff and housekeeping staff. It was central for all we needed to see and do - we were being ""typical tourists"", and we found getting around by walking and the subway easy and practical.",5
2652, September 2018,Good hotel for a savvy traveler when around/under US$ 160/night,"When you need just a clean room with a good internet function and easy in and out procedures at somehow central position, this might be a good place for you when the price is right. I see the limit around US$ 160.00/night. The rooms are clean, but really very small.",4
2653, September 2018,Worst Experience,I will never stay here again. One of the worst experience at such a high price. I wont recommend it o any one for sure. The room was simply dirty and old and no one really cares because the location is good.,1
2654, October 2017,Boutique rest in the kitchen,"We stayed at the row last October, really liked the hotel and staff, the room was nothing fancy but extremely well located just off broadwy, close to everything. the bar off the lobby was fantastic with live entertainment very exceptional musicians and a fine vocalist spent a night there",5
2655, September 2018,Great Service/ Questionable food,Planning to comeback soon and would like to have healthier option at the Kitchen. More choice in Coffee type too.The security was great. Please could my return amount be refunded as soon as possible.,5
2656, September 2018,Awful experience,"Staff simply got an attitude of “ I don’t care”. I know now that the price I paid was only for the location of the hotel, nothing else. At the end, I did find a solution for all the challenges I faced, but only because I decided not to accept their poor customer service attitude",1
2657, September 2018,Fall Weekend excursion,Spent four days and three nights there. Friendly staff. Convenient location. Great amenities. Would definitely stay again. Great price also. Used the gym and adequete equipment. Stayed in a corner superior room on the ninth floor and had no issues.,5
2658, September 2018,A convenient hotel for a weekend in NYC,"Hotel is located one min away from Times Square that is very convenient. Check-in and check-out experience was super easy using online app. The room was very small, but for a night stay it didn’t make any sense for us.",4
2659, September 2018,Great location and clean & modern,"Perfect location and very close to Times Square, bars and restaurants. The hotel is very modern and is impeccably clean. Housekeeping did a great job in cleaning our room. Prices for rooms are quite steep but maybe that's just New York.",4
2660, September 2018,Moldy Unclean Rooms/ Waste of Money,"First off, this is not a 4 star hotel its more like a 2 star hotel. This hotel is really run down and gross, i have stayed here before for business but it wasn't this bad. The carpet in the hallways smelled like sh?t along with the elevators and lobby. It literally smelled like sewage & sh?t throughout the entire hotel. I had a friend meet me in the lobby who lives in NY and she was utterly disgusted by the smell of the hotel which was embarrassing to say the least. Now lets talk about what was supposed to be one of the best rooms Deluxe or whatever, the room had mold and mildew all through the bathroom very drafty and dirty. i literally got sick after staying in there for 3 nights breathing in the mold and mildew. i came home with sinus infection from staying there last",1
2661, September 2018,Meh.,"It was okay, but I'd expect more. Stayed here last year the same time and it seemed much better. Room was really small (but that's NYC) but the bathroom shower leaked all over the floor. #2530. Just seemed very worn and outdated. Staff was very friendly though.",3
2662, September 2018,Good location,Overall hotel needs an upgrade. Location good. Noisy A/C so couldn't keep it on at night. Staff at front desk very unhelpful. Close to times square and subway. Rooms are small but to be expected in NY.,2
2663, September 2018,GREAT stay!,We got an amazing deal for a room with an incredible view. The free breakfast was perfect and everyone workig at the hotel was so nice and helpful. We were so happy with our stay and will definitely return!,5
2664, September 2018,"Dirty rooms, little interest in guests' need","dirty room, especially the bathroom had dirt from many former guestseven after a complaint to the reception the room was not cleaned bettervery thin doors, noise in the hallway is very good to hear and wakes up in the middle of the night",2
2665, August 2018,Location is the best thing about it,"The location of this hotel is super. It's not a fancy place, it's basically just rooms, and they're small. No atmosphere, although it's busy. The staff do their job and don't smile much. It's expensive so I probably wouldn't stay again. But it's a couple of blocks from the Port Authority, a short walk to the awesome little Bryant Park and Times Square. And a great breakfast place called Green Symphony is a block away.",3
2666, September 2018,Excellent position,The hotel is in a great position to visit New York. Comfy beds. Great variety of food choices. Room was close to noisy lifts and had a very loud air conditioner. Great spot close to all Times Square has to offer.,4
2667, September 2018,The Row-great place to stay!,"The Row is a great place to stay near Times Square. The rooms are tight as all NYC hotels tend to be but comfortable. It’s a short walk to food, shows & all the kitsch you could want. Hop On/Off buses board nearby, subway is handy as are taxis.",4
2668, September 2018,love it,"it has good location, staff are very nice. wifi is really good. city view is nice but is noisy at night if you sleep early.They have offers with Stay Wanderful company. just love the deals.In general it is good to try it",3
2669, September 2018,My Review,The room was very well kept and the hotel is located in the middle of everything. Very easy to get in and out of room quickly. The room was cleaned every day and I always felt safe when inside of the hotel.,5
2670, September 2018,stay hotel ROW,"the hotel ROW have very good location and have various elevator , the way to room is very fast, near to Times Square and near have rstaurants, teathres, stores is very comfortable and the employees are very friendly",5
2671, September 2018,My third stay at The Row,I like the convenience of being near Times Square and the availability to cabs. My only wish is that they would lighten up the hallways. They are too gloomy for me...I dislike the black ceilings and lack of sufficient artificial light. The rooms themselves are bright and well-lighted.,4
2672, September 2018,Comfortable stay on Times Square,Perfect locationReasonable price with the locationGreat 'food truck' style restaurantComfortable rooms with space to store your luggageTo Improve: Would have liked a fridge in the roomAllow guests to take glasses from the bar to room,4
2673, November 2017,"Perfect Location, but disappointing rooms.","My partner and I absolutely loved the location of this hotel. However our rooms were the size of a shoebox and our bathroom a 1/4 of that. Being right in/near Times Square it can be really noisy, but we felt safe being able to walk around with hundreds of people whatever the time of day or night. We loved District M (food complex) and that there was a little deli if you needed water/snacks. Pros: Perfect location, close to 5th Avenue (amazing shopping!!!), lots of restaurants and cafes, super close to broadway and helpful concierge who helped us organise our tickets to The Lion King. Cons: The size of the room and bathroom was super disappointing as well as the price of the resort fee. This hotel isn't bad for a couple of nights, but as we stayed 10 we would have definitely",3
2674, September 2018,Mona,"Satisfied Visitor who will stay at the Row again ! Very close to the Broadway shows and great restaurants! I enjoyed eating at the District M especially, the donut and coffee shop! There was easy access to your room with all the specific elevators going to the specific floors!",5
2675, June 2018,Deceiving pictures!,"Stayed at this hotel on a school trip. This is one of the worst places I have ever stayed! The front desk could care less if they help you. The hotel itself is scary to say the least! My son & I got off the elevator stepped out into the long, dark, smelly hallway & looked at each other & said we felt like we were in an American Horror Story ( Hotel Cortez) episode! Rooms were so small you had to crawl over 1 bed to get to the other, & put your luggage in the bathroom! Let’s mention the tiny bathroom, you can barely move in,& your lucky if you have a shower curtain! Some of the kids on this trip was crying their rooms were so bad! Horrible rooms & staff!",1
2676, September 2018,Not worth more than $100 a night,"Very dirty, mold in the bathroom ceiling. Doors paint are old and getting off. Bed is broken. I slept there on a fashion week and they charged $500 a night!!! No matter how hard is it to get a room in this week it is outrageous to charge this amount for this kind of rooms. Delux.",1
2677, September 2018,quick trip,"good location, easy access to subway, within walking distance to times square, shows and many good restaurants. room a little smaller than expected but still good, staff friendly and helpful, would definitely stay here again",4
2678, September 2018,A hotel that masquerades as boutique,"This trendy-looking hotel fails to deliver on many fronts; rooms so small the bed barely fits, a bathroom so small that there may only be a foot between toilet and sink, rude front desk staff that don't even pretend to care, insufficient attention to details (e.g. 4 hours after requesting foam pillows, a second call was necessary), and a check in that approaches dinner time....for a mere $270/night. Never again",2
2679, September 2018,Excellent location,"It's the second year I stay at the ROW NYC, the location is excellent. You have theatres right around the corner. Time Square one block away and the sightseeing buses 2 or 4 blocks away (it depends on the company you like most). Elevators are fast, considering all the guests they have, you never wait more than a minute or 2 to get into one. The staff is nice, and the concierge is really helpful. If you want a big room, maybe this is not the right hotel, rooms are right for sleeping. I think they have bigger rooms. Free WiFi.",5
2680, September 2018,Poorly educated staff and guests,"Only good thing about this Hotel is the location in midtown. The place needs renovating. While you are staying at at 250$ a night, they send you offers for less than 100$ a night, the reception staff is unfriendly, the rooms are not really clean, the clientele is rather bad, (puke and worse inside the elevators), the additional fee of 40$ a night for WiFi etc. ridiculous. Breakfast a bad joke",2
2681, September 2018,Close to Times Square,Booked standard room for the two people and had to be asked to be moved after one sleepless night. They didnt argue and moved us to a much better room. The standard was so small we couldnt cope and it was so nousy drom the rooms aircon so we switched it off. However because the room was on the side sort of down an alley way the nouse from all the other aircons could be heard it was like trying to sleep on a very nousy plane. The new room was much better and bigger and had adifferent view so we could leave the window open a little without the need for aircon on. It was still noisy but hey thats New York.! Food in the hotel for breakfast is ok for something quick but i wouls suggest Juniors round the corner it was fab and filled you up for hours. Hotel room at the Row has comfy,3
2682, September 2018,Horrendous,My room was not ready at check in and I had to wait 8 hours to get in. The front desk staff had obviously been dealing with some issue all day and made it very obvious they did not care that we were annoyed or inconvenienced. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE!!!,1
2683, September 2018,Mohammed Abdul,Mohammed is smiling as we check in. He welcome us with very nice approach. He show us directions to places we wanna go. He is helpful and informative and made our stay easier and comfortable. Very warm and at home.,5
2684, May 2018,Cheap and close to Times Square,Stayed here for a last minute conference. The lobby is nice and the free waters were a nice touch. The rooms were dorm-like and small. The bathroom was even smaller. The cycle studio and blowout bar downstairs are nice to have. Wouldn't stay here again but it's probably a good budget option.,3
2685, September 2018,Very rude!,We got to the hotel after over 20 hours of flying and they told us that they are upgrading our room to “premium” and it will take an hour. We got our ‘upgrade’ only to find out that the upgrade was our original room we we already paid for. It seemed our room wasn’t ready and they made an excuse for us to wait. The staff were very rude and didn’t explain much to you and looked at you like you were an idiot just for asking a question. They were unprofessional talking about lunch breaks and time off to each other while we were left waiting.,3
2686, August 2018,"Location, cleanliness, value",Location is great. Subway across the street. Times Square 2 blocks. Rooms are always clean.Good value for NYC. Easy check-in and express check-out. I have stayed there numerous times and always had a good experience.,4
2687, September 2018,sub standard room/overpriced,"I was stranded in New York due to hurricane Florence. I could not fly out until the 17th of September. I had booked into the Doubletree by Hilton at Newark Liberty International for one night on the 12th as I was orginally due to fly to Charleston the next day. As I was now going to have to stay in New York for 4 nights I thought I would get a hotel in the centre of Manhattan. I booked through Hotels.com and chose the Row Hotel because of its good reviews and facilities. The total cost of a single room with city view was $1004.00. The room I got,number 2635 was in my opinion sub standard and not worth anywhere near the money charged. It is badly in need of a makeover. It looks very worn and tired. The grouting in the bathroom was badly marked with mildew and the blinds were not",2
2688, September 2018,Much better alternatives then staying here,"More lighting in the hallways. Better staff screening. One bartender was excellent, one other preoccupied with trying to get female guest attention and the only female was distant, unapproachable and didn’t really care about the guest. it’s my experience that guest can look past almost anything negative if they are treated exceptionally well. In your case, the most interaction with the guest would be at the bar. You can’t change the Window size and making the rooms larger would be a challenge, but great service is something you can change immediately. Bartenders should be courteous and social. One should not stand out , so much more then the others. Pizza I ordered was good and location is perfect.",1
2689, September 2018,Chic stay in Times Square,"Everything about this place was perfect. It was modern, stylish and great in every way. Everything was perfect in the room and the bar made amazing cocktails. We were on our honeymoon and the gentleman that checked us in gave us a few drinks on the house. Very sweet.",5
2690, September 2018,NOT GOOD HOTEL,"poor clean, front desk rude. elevator smell to urine. location is good. all looks old. if you go with your family try to get other options. the money spent do not justify hotel cost. the location is not the best one also.",2
2691, September 2018,Great Location,"I will definitely come back to RowNYC again. We literally walked around the corner to see Phantom of the Opera. Mean Girls was only about a 15 minute walk. The craziness of Times Square is just a short stroll way. The rooms are clean, the A/C works fine, what more could you ask for? Oh and there's a great restaurant and bar below. Ok, well the rooms could be a little bigger, but this is Manhattan, so it's what I expected.",4
2692, September 2018,NY Fun,The Row was a great hotel and the location was perfect. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The food and bar had lots of options for everyone. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting an awesome stay in NY.,5
2693, September 2018,Second visit has restored my faith in this hotel,"I previously stayed at this hotel and was unsure whether I would return due to room issues, however, I emailed beforehand and mentioned my concerns and was upgraded to a delux city view room with king bed and it was so much better! Upon arrival, my friends room had been left dirty but after mentioning this it was immediately sorted. I still think the hallways could be lighter as they are quite dull but apart from that we enjoyed our stay. Location wise you cannot beat this hotel and we enjoyed using the bar down in the lobby in the evenings. All staff we encountered were friendly and we would come and stay here if we visit nyc again.",4
2694, September 2018,"Good location, but that is about it.","We went as a couple for 5 nights and when we got there and checked in, there's a mandatory per night facility fee which we weren't expecting, but I'm sure was in some small print. When we got to our room it was tiny and wasn't cleaned, such as the bathroom having hairs and shavings still in it as well as a pill of sorts, so we went and asked the concierge if someone could clean it, he spoke to someone on the phone (we presumed) and we waited an hour and no one came, we complained to a receptionist who was helpful and she actually spoke to someone to to it and went out to eat. When we came back it wasn't done properly as the pill was just moved and the bath only rinsed, we complained to the receptionist a final time and she got the cleaning manager to look and eventually we got",3
2695, September 2018,The Perry stay,It was a good experience in a hotel the AC unit was a little loud and I suggested garage panels for my wife on the floor it was never done. I was switched from a deluxe city view to a premium room with a ok view witch I was told was a upgrade,5
2696, September 2018,"Good location, but not worth the $$","The lobby was the only nice thing about this hotel. Don’t waste your money. When we checked in it was going great until they told us they had no water or ice on our floor and then we get to our room for our lights and outlets now working, and the maintaince guy gave US attitude. They lost the alcohol key so couldn’t he drinks one night. Overall, disappointed and won’t stay here on our next trip.",3
2697, September 2018,33rd Anniversary in NYC,"Staff was excellent from check in to check out, maid service and food service workers , location awesome close to Theater District, Times Square , food great, only lacked a refrigerator and a coffee pot .",4
2698, September 2018,"The perfect budget, no-frills option","The ROW suited us perfectly: a clean, comfortable room at a great price and in a great location. Staff were helpful and we really appreciated the luggage storage service that enabled us to keep exploring the city after we checked out in the morning before our flight later that night.Loud air conditioning and street noise made it hard to sleep at times, but not a big deal.",4
2699, September 2018,Great stay in an upgraded room,We got an email through the week before our stay about bidding for an upgrade. We bidded to pay an extra $10 per night and we ended up in a spacious room on 26th floor with a great view. I'd read reviews about rooms being very small but we had plenty of space although the bathroom was a bit cosy (fine though).Our AC wasn't working when we arrived but we called reception and a chap came straight up and fixed it for us. The AC is pretty noisy but effective.It's a big hotel so it does feel impersonal but when we did interact with staff everyone was helpful.Great that they have a free (though don't forget to tip!) leave your luggage service after you check out if you have a while before your flight and want to do some more exploring without your bags. Really handy to get to JFK.,5
2700, September 2018,Stay at ROW NYC,"The location is perfect, the staff are very friendly and there are some very convenient facilities like printing, free water, gym in case you have the time, but the rooms are very small and the bathroom in our room was tiny so it was a bit uncomfortable being a family of four. Cleanliness was just average. Ah, and something else which shocl¡ked me was that thre's no frdige.",4
2701, August 2018,Hotel at the heart of Manhattan,"A nice hotel...cheaper than the other hotels located in midtown Manhattan. Its conveniently located since its near alot of resto, broadways shows and time square. A good place to stay for tourists. Room is clean and spacious but the toilet is quite small...",4
2702, September 2018,Worst quality hotel!! DO NOT RECOMMEND,"I stayed at the Row hotel for 3 nights, from Sunday 9th Sept to 12th Sept 2018. Considering I paid more than £500 for a 3 nights stay, I received the worst quality room, the room was supposed to be a queen size but it was a small double room. The room had poor ventilation, after showering the room would smell damp. The air conditioning did not work properly. I paid a $103 hotel fee for facilities and did not need or use, however it was mandatory. I 100% do not recommend this hotel at all, you would be better off at the Hilton Garden, down the block or something, then staying at this hotel.",1
2703, September 2018,Nice lobby shame about the room,"You have to pay a facilities fee on top of the tax. The lobby is nice includes a cafe, bar a sweet shop etc. These are all available just around the corner as location of hotel is Times Square so having these in lobby pointless. The room is a shoe box. The bathroom has no fan. The bathroom door didn’t close properly. It looked like it had been painted by a toddler. The bed was 2 put together not a double bed. There is no fridge in room. There is no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. I appreciate this is in a good location but for £250 a night I expected a lot more. Plenty of hotels nearby to choose from",2
2704, September 2018,Terrible,I just stayed two nights. When I get to the hotel was checked in by letonia the receptionist who told that I need to give deposit I said ok cool of 250cash plus I need to pay extra 35 per night I paid and I asked letonia for recib she gave to me..last night in order to not have issue at the check out I saw letonia and asked her about my deposit of 250usd she said at the time you check out I'm going to receive it. And check out took me around 20 minutes and charge me twice and didn't give my money complete... They as a hotel are stealing so be careful at the time you pick this place to stay it's horrible situation.. And also was in bed and around 1 hour near my room like 2am in the morning alarm ringin don't know from where but it was really noisy and unconftable.,1
2705, October 2017,Good for Times Square,"This is a hotel which I've used three times on NYC trips; it's clean, the staff are helpful and it's handy for Times Square and all of the major attractions as well as all the local food and drink places. I'll definitely go again.",4
2706, September 2018,Not recommended,"This hotel will fool you! The lobby is gorgeous, they even had a DJ spinning. We go up to our room and are shocked. The room is literal box with the bed on a platform. There are used condoms on the floor behind the bed (dropped my phone back there). The bathroom was extremely dated, small and didn’t leave you feeling clean. It didn’t match the pictures at all.",1
2707, September 2018,bad choice for business,if you are a business traveler do not stay at ROW. Clearly designed for tourists and mainly for foreign tourists. Rooms have little to offer in the way of comfort or amenities. Bathrooms are bare. The room was very clean and the staff was pleasant.,3
2708, September 2018,Terrible service not what you expect,"Be kinder to guest , clean your rooms right and put online the actual room expectation. This stay was suppose to be my relax lux stay didn’t sleep all Night found a bug In my room and nasty stain in my bed I had to sleep in a corner",1
2709, September 2018,"It was good, now it's only regular","I got there 5 times. After a complete renovation, it becomes a good option, with reasonable prices. last time the cleanliness turned on an issue. Also the price went up. It's near Times Square, a very good localization, small rooms like the most near by.",3
2710, September 2018,Poor house keeping,"There was unfortunately a disturbing amount of hair around the whole room, bathroom toilet and tub had hair and when getting in the bed...more hair. House keeping should do better when cleaning...poor",2
2711, September 2018,Not the best,"Horrible staff since day one and didn’t get anything close to what I paid for! Paid more than 2,000 & had a smile little room that had no view and I paid for a view to the city and I went to the front desk and to get the room I actually paid since day one I had to pay more for it! So It was horrible with the staff plus they were so rude",3
2712, September 2018,Very good location,"Just round the corner from Time square.. a hotel full of life. Very good for family, couples, friends & individuals.The price is nice comparing with other hotels in the area..literally you are in the heart of NYC.",4
2713, September 2018,Row nyc,Lovely hotel beautifully situated The rooms are tiny but modern and well appointed. Staff were all so friendly and helpful. We will return again. Our only complaint was the lack of coffee available in the mornings.,5
2714, September 2018,Never again,Dingy lobbyRooms were small and poorly decoratedCloset had a curtain as a doorPlatform bed low to groundNo wash cloth providedNo working remoteNo blow dryer hallways were dirtyThank god only was there for 1 night,1
2715, September 2018,Terrible,"Not clean at all, I had to move to anorher hotel!!! The room was dirty, dusty, bad smell, stains all over the carpet, hairs on the sheets, bathroom. Dont recomend this hotel at all!!! They offer us to change the room and we went to see it and still old and smelly not that good for a 4 stars hotel i would not recommend this hotel at all!!!!The book was to pay $390 per night and was totally NOT worth it. We found another hotel for the same price that was awsome!",1
2716, September 2018,Noisy and bad air conditioner,"Only two problems but were an issue since had very bad nights of sleep due to super noisy air conditioner and cheap windows which allowed so much street noise even though I was on 23rd floor. Staff very nice, good coffee, room was decent otherwise.",2
2717, November 2017,Greater New York Dental Meet,The Hotel has great location. The staff were FRIENDLY. And lots of places to eat around the hotel. The Bed was comfortable and the rooms are small but clean. Easy to get a taxi and walk at Times Square. And Broadway theaters are just around the corner .,4
2718, September 2018,Worst hotel EVER!,"I had the worst experience at this hotel. If i could give a negative score on service and cleanliness i would! This hotel is definitely felt like a dorm room for the foreigners. I wouldn't recommend it f you're on a business trip, they don't even have a business center where you can actually hear the other person talk. I would personally go out of my way to tell people not to stay at this hotel - THE WORST!",1
2719, September 2018,Great for theatre district access,"We had a 5 night stay at The Row earlier this month and really enjoyed it. It's in a great location, perfect if you are theatre lovers like we are as it is right in the theatre district As for the hotel, it has a very funky feel to it and looks well presented. The Room - considering this is one of the cheapest rooms we could find in the whole of new york we are very happy with our room and the facilities provided and have only had 3 issues - 1 which was the door wasn't locking when we wanted to leave the room, we rang down to reception and someone came imediately and rectified the issue. The second problem is that unless you are a very slender person it is not possible to sit on the toilet without the corner of the sink digging in to your side and you can't actually sit on",5
2720, September 2018,New York Weekend Escape,"Great location and easy to reach with train station a block Away.Staff at checking were very slow and not engaging.Rooms a good size for NYC standards.Excellent choice for the Theater lovers in the crowd,you’re in the heart of Broadway.",3
2721, September 2018,Great location,Great location for exploring anywhere by subway or Midtown by foot. Our room was a bit small but gave us what we needed. Staff were friendly. Hotel bar was popular and seemed to host quite a few events.,4
2722, August 2018,average and so much less,I believe they have a cool vibe but the bed was uncomfortable - hotels need to get a grip on checking people in not rocket science and there is nothing worse than waiting. I didn’t try the food at the recommendation of the front desk staff - if they don’t support it it can’t be good,3
2723, August 2018,Unpleasant experience,"If you want an unpleasant experience in a NY hotel, book it. The staff is probably trained NOT to smile and not efficient. The elevators ''body guards'' are simply unpleasant and it takes for EVER to have an elevator. The food is so so but the room was comfy. I travel a lot for business and I find myself in NY 4 times a year and never will I go back to that hotel.",2
2724, September 2018,Labor Day,House keeping service was our only issue. They would knock on our door at 9am to clean the room but being on vacation we were not up and ready for our day. We asked several days in a row for them to come back and service the room late morning early afternoon. This was never done. One night we waited on towels for an hour and a half because 1 person was delivering requests for the entire hotel. Very inconvenient.,3
2725, September 2018,Stylish hotel in Time Square,"If it's your first time in NYC then look no further. This hotel is the perfect starting point for sightseeing as it is walking distance to most tourist attractions in Manhattan. As it's in Time Square it is a little noisy at night (the city that never sleeps!!), but the amenities of the hotel are worth it. Great hotel lounge/bar, access to some great food shops and restaurants without having to step foot outside, and the staff are very friendly! To top it all off, the hotel is very stylish and modern. Great value for the price. I highly recommend it and we will be coming back!",5
2726, September 2018,Upgraded twice. Still mold,"Staff is friendly and the lobby is nice, but I wouldn’t recommend anyone actually stay here until their mold problem is solved. My fiancé and I both were sick from the mold and it was even present in our double upgraded premium room.",1
2727, September 2018,5 reasons Why!,".5 reasons why I love staying at Row NYC Hotel • 5 razões porque gosto de me hospedar no Row Hotel em NY.1. Location | one block from Times Square and walking distance to hundreds of attractions • um quarteirão do Times Square e pertinho de varias atrações que da pra ir andando!.2. Clean rooms | white sheets, white bathroom, tons of toiletries! • Quartos sempre limpos | roupa de cama e banheiros sempre branquinhos e sempre completo de shampoozinho, creme, sabonete....3. District M @districtmnyc | coffee bar in the morning (cappuccino lover), adult bar at night! Live music some nights! • District M | uma cafeteria de manhã (amo cappuccino) e um bar a noite! Musica ao vivo algumas noites!.4. City Kitchen @citykitchennyc | a food court with several options of food, including",5
2728, September 2018,Stay again,Second time staying here. Good price for hotel near Times Square. Definitely will stay here again. Only complaint i have is... they should clean behinf the bed. My so. Dropped a toy back there and once I looked I wanted to leave it behind.,4
2729, September 2018,Rooms are TINY,"I was totally disappointed in the size of the room, especially for two persons to occupy. I requested an upgrade but I was told that the size of the room would not be much different. The only thing I like about this hotel is the location.",2
2730, September 2018,Always Excellent!!,"It’s my 6th time that I stay here in Row NYC. For this time, I traveled with my boyfriend too see Frozen on Broadway and we were just at 5 mins from the theater. Breakfast and Service were always excellent!",5
2731, September 2018,I wouldn't return,"So I only stayed here for one night and wouldn't go more than that. As you approach and in the lobby, you definitely thing higher of the hotel.. but once you get to your room - it's a negative. It actually reminds me of a hostel, TBH. It is BASIC - only one soap bar in the bathroom (usually there is two, one at the sink and one in the tub), no small towels which some use to scrub/shower. My tub was clogged and the shower head didn't stay (almost like it times out after 10m). I would've called these things in if I was staying longer. The room looked suuuuuper rundown, like multiple crappy layers of paint and caulking on top of caulking, a really bad copy and paste job. It's smack dab in midtown/hells kitchen area but even for the location you can pay a bit more and stay at the",1
2732, September 2018,Theatre visit,very convenient locationthe room is clean and comfortablegood tv able to black out room completelymy wife enjoyed the free nightly drinks that came with the room packagecheck in staff helpful and friendly,5
2733, September 2018,DO NOT STAY HERE!,"They don’t clean your rooms, elevators takes forever to go up or down, staff was very rude since we checked in. The price we paid for the room is very high for the service we got. I will never stay here and I will never recommend this hotel to anyone",1
2734, September 2018,I will not return,The pace was expensive for what we gotThe stuff gave us the feeling that we were bothering themWe didn't feel welcomeWe ask for thing for the rooms and it took hours to the point when we had to get them our self to our room,1
2735, July 2018,Perfect for Times Square,"I love Row NYV Hotel! I have stayed at this hotel every summer for the past 7 years. It is a beautiful bustling hotel right in the heart of Times Square. Within walking distance to Broadway shows, Rockefeller Center, Madison Square Garden and more!",5
2736, September 2018,"If You Don't Want To DIE, Avoid This Hotel! 如果不想死的话请尽全力避免这间酒店！","I booked this hotel on Sept. 8 for one nights in Room 2351. My room was knocked Extremely Heavily and VERY rapidly at approximately 9:20 AM on Sept. 9th (I checked my phone after this incident happened) After which I yelled at the intruder to stay back, the intruder opened our room within about half a minute with his card!!!! Fortunately, I locked the door with the extra physical lock, the door was opened with a gap but as soon as the intruder noticed this, he quit immediately. This is an extremely dangerous incident and I do believe this is very dangerous for such thing to happen in a hotel experience. Further, before this thing happened, we were assigned in room 1232 where we noticed this huge rumbling sound that feels like a train passing by all the time! The bed sheet was",1
2737, September 2018,Row NYC Hotel,"Our trip was better due to the hotel location in 8th ave and 44 st, near Times Square. It is a highly recommended place to stay during vacation. It is a comfort hotel, with a good service and great security.",4
2738, September 2018,"Small rooms, but okay, when being there for a short time","Good rooms, not so big. If needed there are ironing board & iron, hair dryer and safety box. Cleaning ok. Beds not so big,but ok if you are not too big people, clean and tidy. Possibility to drain drinking water on the corridors on flexible bottles, as well as the possibility to pick up ice cubes. The elevator system went this time several times in ""No lift"". Easy Express check-out. Luggage storage both on arrival and departure. Good luggage storage has been moved compared to last year.",4
2739, September 2018,Nice improvements,"This was my second stay here. It has been renewed since the first time and for better. The breakfast area is nice and the staff there, too. Not so nice the staff at the check-in. I did not see a smile in their faces, and I was there waiting for some time.",4
2740, August 2018,Great location - Bad hotel,"We had to pay for an upgrade in order to stay in the hotel. The room we booked was really small, looking into a wall and with extreme noise from a ventilator and the front desk told us that they had no other room available but we could pay for an upgrade, which we did because we were staying for 7 days. I think perhaps it would have been nice if the hotel would prioritize guest staying at the hotel for a longer period but they didn't. We stayed at ROW two years earlier and had a much nicer room, so we had expected better. Furthermore the rooms were dirty and the staff were stone-faced with no charm, we never received a kind smile. When leaving the hotel, leaving a big tip to the guys handling our suitcases, they didn't bother to hold the door. Poor service in general all over.",1
2741, September 2018,Good location for Broadway,"I booked a 4 night stay a couple of months in advance. Specifically asked for a room on a lower floor, and followed up this request before I arrived. They ignored this and allocated me a room on 12th floor. When I got to the room the door was already open and someone had used the shower. Manager helpful but could re-room me until following day, and then room wasn’t ready until 4pm. On plus side they adjusted my final bill fairly. Hotel is well located for theatres etc. Very busy. Great food in attached dining facility",3
2742, September 2018,"Decent location, but gross","Looks chic and sleek in pics, but the building is super old and pretty gross. I felt gross just breathing in there. The areas leading from elevator to room were especially bad. Decent location though.",2
2743, September 2018,Have had better hotels in NY,"Room was tiny. Two suitcases and two carrying on, we had to play Tetris a bit. It was clean and location is great. Unfortunately, our room was located right next to a lift shaft, and we had two rocky nights having this lift cabin going up and down right next to us. One more thing; this damned facilities fee (two nights additional $68.-) is pissing me of. Of course, all the hotels in NY are charging this “extra” fee. I would like to pay for something I choose. I don’t need a gym arriving at 09.00 p.m. exhausted from the long trip. And here is the best!! Thins when we have to pay extra for a g....damned WiFi?!?!? And staff doesn’t feel you welcome. Check in and get the F.... out as soon you can, dear guest. We just want your money!!! Have had better hotels in NY.",3
2744, August 2018,cheap is expensive. stay far...,"ordered an expensive room with city view. havent got (got also a smaller room than order ) without compensation or whatsoever. (Noticed ""accidentally"" when got into my friend room, same order. they forgot to clean the room one day and took a lot of time until they cleaned after I told them",1
2745, September 2018,Not recomendable at all,"The price is extremely high compared with the quality of the service. The room were small and the bathroom wasn’t clean. The facilities fees are 30$ per day (so don’t trust on the price they give you at the beginning, with all the fees was more than 200$ more than expected) and... the facilities are way too far to be good. Pretty bad connection to the wifi, the mattress was so bad, too noisy, small room... I’ll never come back for that price.",1
2746, September 2018,"Good. Well located, zero service","Very well located and good price for money and decent room. Don’t expect nothing more, nothing less. Please retrain housekeeping service. No services. They charge 11dlls per package if you plan to deliver something.",4
2747, October 2017,"Avoid this hotel, filthy and took our payment twice.",Chose this hotel for its location for a 2 night stay. First room we were given the bathroom was disgusting - I took a tissue covered in filthy slime down to reception to show them what I’d wiped off the shower- we were told to come back later and they would have another room. 2nd room wasn’t great but wasn’t filthy. Next problem occurred when we returned to the UK to find that they had charged us not only 2 nights in the first room but also the same 2 nights in 2nd room so we then had emails and phone calls to recover the amount overcharged. After received amount they took I asked for costs incurred due to their problem - cost of exchange from Sterling to Dollar by my bank which I was even charged on for them refunding. Also the cost of storing our luggage so that we could do,2
2748, September 2018,Great location!!,"Didn’t know what to expect when reading reviews about this hotel as such mixed reactions....however my true feeling on this hotel is that it’s spot on and wouldn’t hesitate to recommend....the only slight thing I would say is the room is very small but having said that we had two double beds and it was fine for our 3 night stopover!! It was clean, maid service everyday with a towel change, toiletries, safe, iron and good hairdryer and good WiFi!! Perfect location to explore everything New York has to offer, lots of nice restaurants nearby, and felt safe at all times within the proximity of the hotel!! Found reception staff friendly and efficient at all times!! Would definitely return on our next visit to NY!!",4
2749, September 2018,Avoid,"Stayed here twice in 1 week. First room was so close to the ventilation there was a constant noise that any human couldn’t have slept through. Was moved to a better room. 2nd night, booked in a room that hadn’t been cleaned since the last guest. Moved again, to a room next to the extremely noisy elevator. Ended up paying extra to be moved somewhere quieter. This hotel really misses the point of a hotel being a place to sleep! To add to it, the rooms are dated and they aren’t cleaned properly to any standard, see my pics. Suffice it say, I won’t stay here again, neither should you.",2
2750, September 2018,"We have stayed at the Row many times. We love the location, the staff is always Pleasant and helpful. Great place to",We have stayed at the Row many times. Great location for a Broadway show. Great staff. Will stay with again. Many mrestaurants near hotel. Also near many points of interest. Recommend the Row for good value and location.,5
2751, September 2018,Location location location,"If you want the theatre or time square district this is where you want to stay. Staff is friendly and accommodating. We felt safe in the hotel, com8ng in at all different hours or leaving early in the morning when still dark",5
2752, September 2018,Check in was bad,"I informed the hotel that i will arrive early morning , when I arrived from my flight they didnt give me my room and i was so tired , theg made me wait till after noon , hope next time issues like that get solved ;)",2
2753, September 2018,Payment,"I am planning to stay at this hotel for a business trip. I have called numourous times but can not seem to get a direct answer. My school that I am traveling with would like to book a room and prepay for it by mailing a check from the elementary school, which is a business check. Can you reserve the room with a credit card and then mail a check to make payment?",3
2754, August 2018,The Row NYC,"Had an amazing stay in the Row NYC . The atmosphere and location of the hotel are excellent . The rooms could be updated and could be a lot cleaner. However, the overall hotel experience is excellent . Just please get the rooms cleaner . First impressions count .",4
2755, August 2018,Great Location,"A first time experience in New York City and it did not disappoint. The high point of this hotel was the location. Being next door to the theatre district and a short walk to times square and the subway, we couldn't complain about having stayed dead centre of the big city. We went as a couple, and to be honest there are no real complaints about the hotel overall. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. ""The kitchen"" restaurant area was very modern and provided really nice food. The rooms were nice, for a city hotel. They were quite small and very simple. Our room was directly opposite the elevators, which we could hear throughout the night, as well as people coming in and out. This did not really bother us as we were so tired. But if this is something that would annoy you, be",4
2756, September 2018,Substandard service at the Row,"For the price of the hotel, the overall service was substandard. The good thing about this hotel is the location. However, the overall experience wasn’t great. When wr arrived September 2nd, we found hair in our washroom and called the front desk to have someone clean it. Nobody came. The next day, we told the cleaning person to come back in 15 minutes. When we came back hours later, our room wasn’t taken care of. After calling the front desk 3 times we were told that someone was going to come back and clean. Around 9:30 pm, we came back to a dirty room again and I had to go and speak to the manager at the front desk. We couldn’t use our washroom until 11 pm. This is not the service I was expecting for this hotel.",2
2757, September 2018,The room we have was the problem,Overall I dont think I will be back in this hotel. I thought we wpuld have a wonderful stay knowing this is our first time trying a hotel in New York and we came all the way to Los Angeles. We were expecting much better we our stay.,3
2758, September 2018,Good Location,"Overall great stay.The customer service at check-in was wonderful. After a long travel day, it was refreshing to deal with a smiling face who went above and beyond to ensure we had a wonderful stay. I forgot his name, but I believe it was Juan (maybe) so thank you! Rooms are much smaller than what we are used to, but it is NYC, we didn't come there sit in our room. Beds were very comfy so made up for it. Negative: parking is a hassle and expensive. Location was key - close to Times Square, Central Park and a lot of the touristy things. It is a great location for those who have never been to NYC before and want to explore/do typical touristy things.",5
2759, August 2018,Not worth money,Nothing was complimentary in the hotel . In fact the last day extension I paid extremely high amount . I didn't like the tip culture. What is the staff is being paid for by the hotel is the customer has to tip for everything from carrying the baggage to the room till keeping it in the clock room,3
2760, August 2018,Too expensive for what it's worth,"The room was really small. The cleanliness of the carpet and the bathroom was really cheap. The A/C was effective but very loud. The bed sheets were itchy because of the cheapness and the pillows were not comfortable so we didn't sleep well. Otherwise, the location was great (near Times Square) and the WiFi was good.",3
2761, August 2018,New York Vacay!,Great hotel. Very modern look and feel. Exciting atmosphere. The housekeepers were extremely friendly and accommodating. Rooms were small but very clean. AC worked well. We love our room cold at night and it was.,5
2762, August 2018,Incredible Hotel In Times Square,"My girlfriend and I came for the US Open but wanted to stay in Manhattan to see more of the attractions like Central Park and the Met when we weren’t watching tennis. Row NYC has one of the best locations of any hotel in New York City, and we were so pleased we booked there. Being so close to the Times Square - 42nd St subway station, everything we wanted to do was only a short walk or subway ride away. The only problem we had was having to prioritize our activities since we only had a few days there. We will definitely be back again. The commute was simple and easy to and from JFK. We just hopped on the AirTrain and only had to make one connection which really eased the stress of traveling. You’ll love the staff there. Everyone is so nice and helpful, always greeting you",5
2763, August 2018,"Great Location, Good Amenities, dirty tiny rooms","I stay here once a year for a weekend. The location is fantastic, City Kitchen and the lobby is great. The rooms are dirty and run down. This hotel is extremely busy and they need to double their maintenance and cleaning staff...no way could their staff keep up with it.",2
2764, August 2018,I Always Choose The Row.,"I have stayed at the Row quite a few times in the last few years. I love it! It's convenient to Theaters, restaurants and just a few minutes walk to the major subway hubs at Times Square or The Port Authority. The Hotel itself is wonderful. The beds are comfy, the staff accommodating and very helpful. I have never had a difficult time with any issues being resolved. The adjoining City Kitchen is great for a quick bite with choices from Mexican to Ramen, Lobster Rolls to Sushi. The Row will continue to be my go to hotel for all my NYC trips!",5
2765, August 2018,August 2018 Stay,"Wasn't as happy as my previous stays here. It didn't seem as clean as before and they failed to help me with a problem I had at the front desk, basically just brushed me off. This is the only hotel I have used in Manhattan for years, but rethinking for future visits.",3
2766, September 2018,it’s a shame could be so much more,"The location of this hotel is right in the heart of Times Square. Surprisingly once in our room , it was quite quiet and had a good nights sleep. The rooms are simple, but clean and no bells and whistles . The halls though are dark and very dated looking . The front staff was great and also staff around hotel . But what’s with the elevators . The wait to get on or off was over 10 minutes . Then there were times you did not make elevator due was full . So another 10 Minute wait . The strangest set up of elevators , I have ever seen. We heard some were broken also . Elevators assigned letters and once u picked ur number u waited at assigned elevator , although 5 other elevators , they could not be used . So unfortunately I won’t be staying here again. Plus, the resort fee not sure",2
2767, August 2018,Extremely small rooms in the middle of Time Square,"If you are looking ONLY for location, this is the hotel. It is located in the middle of Time Square, with a Shake Shake across the street and door to door to the City Kitchen. Staff was nice, rooms renovated was nice, but extremely small. The bathroom door rolls and do not lock.",4
2768, September 2018,Online booking is a SCAM!,"Booked this hotel on a Friday, second day morning I received an email saying my payment info can not be processed, or this booking will be canceled automatically. So I called them up, a lady with thick accent answered and asked me to call the front-desk number. When I call the front-desk someone answered, and then the phone switched to a busy tone after 5 seconds. I called 3 more times, can never get through to someone to talk to about my online booking. So I thought I will let this booking automatically expire so I can book a different hotel instead. After the trip when i check my credit card payment history, the payment went through. I have to call my bank to deal with this. I am VERY disappointed about this scamming act. DON'T book this hotel through any means!",1
2769, August 2018,"When visiting New York City, ROW is the only way to GO!!!","I just returned from a stay at the ROW New York, and it was my sixth time staying there. It was absolutely fantastic! I can’t say enough about this amazing hotel. It is in the perfect location, one short block from the heart of Times Square, yet the prices are extremely reasonable. This was my first time brining my son, and they ensured he had an incredible experience there. All the staff are very helpful and courteous. Tom Hines is an absolute gem, always extremely helpful, professional and accommodating, I can’t say enough about him. He made sure we had a fantastic view, as seen in the attached pics. And the manager, Jessica, was also very helpful and pleasant to deal with. The rooms are always clean, the design is very modern, and the City Kitchen downstairs is very",5
2770, August 2018,Best Experience one can have in nyc,Ceasar the manager is a gem of a person. Me and my wife stayed on the 31st of august 2018. He upgraded us to a good room given we had travelled alot to reach nyc. Ceasar is an asset of row hotel. I wish him best of luck in the industry and willl c hiim again soon,4
2771, August 2018,Poor customer service and not so great looking rooms,"What I saw on their website in terms of the bright lit rooms that are super clean is completely different from the physical rooms. The place is not impressive, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The hallway/passages to the rooms is not well lit and looks scary. The rooms are not well lit and the windows are very dirty. The wardrobe is very small and the entire room doesn't have enough space to keep suitcases because they don't fit in the wardrobe. The reception staff need to be more cautious and should provide better assistance to guests.",1
2772, August 2018,Pleasantly surprised,We were there Aug 26th-28th 2018. We enjoyed the stay. Had no complaints. Everything went smooth perfect location. Nice hotel. Close to subway and times square.Had a room with a king bed once luggage is in room it's a bit small but doable.,5
2773, August 2018,"Great hotel, perfect location",This hotel was perfect for our 3days/2nights stay ! The staff was very polite and kind. The room was great but could use a little refresh and the clim was really loud (we turned it off in the night and could hear the one in the other rooms).The location was perfect !! It took us 2 mins to go to Time Square.In overall we really like our stay at this Hotel and recommand it.,4
2774, August 2018,First visit to NYC,Hallway carpet needs vacuuming daily. Room should be cleaned and amenities are available before guest check in. Air conditioner inside the room is motion detected. It felt hot at night while we are sleeping and not moving at all.,2
2775, July 2018,Dusty Room,"I couldn’t deny that location wise, it is very convenient for tourists to stay in. However, the waiting time for taking the elevator is ridiculous. The higher floor you stay, the longer time you need to wait. It took me almost 20 minutes waiting for the elevator to the lobby! And it is so dusty in the room, I was wondering if the housekeeper uses the vacuum to clean up the room. I can see a lot of dust and some hair on the pillow and the bed sheet. Also there is some kind of funny smell in the restroom.",2
2776, August 2018,Extremely unhygenic room,"Dirty room, hair all over bed, received indifferent management response. Did not sleep there, hotwire gave full refund and we moved to different hotel. This place should not have 4 star rating, its motel quality, at best. Location is good and lobby looks good but rooms was disgusting.",1
2777, May 2018,Great trip to NYC,Location is wonderful. Close to everything in Times Square. Room is small but didn't spend a lot of time in the room. Breakfast downstairs is pricey. Concierge was very extremely helpful. Wonderful trip!,5
2778, September 2018,Good Option,"If you can book it for a fair price, it's a very good option. Checkin can take a long time. Rooms are small, but are clean and silent. Space is enough for 1-2 people. Bathroom is fine. Location is very good.",4
2779, August 2018,Extra facility fee,"This hotel has extra fatility fee even though you don't use any of facilities at all. When you book this hotel, you need to consider about it in advance. I paid extra $100 for two days which was not in my budget.",2
2780, August 2018,Great Value; Excellent location,"This hotel is a great valu especially for the heart of the theater district. It has a fun ambience with an attached food court and cycle club in addition to their in-house bar and gym. They often run specials that include a good breakfast for a dollar The excellent staff eagerly and happily work hard to answer wuestions, solve problems, and help you out. They are very good on security.",5
2781, July 2018,My clothing was stolen,"I forgot my laundered shirt, that was still hung in the closet with the receipt attached to it. My name and contact information was on that receipt. It would have been simple for housekeeping to return my property. Instead, security said it was never found and housekeeping ignored all of my call and messages I am so disappointed by their lack of integrity I will never return to this hotel nor recommend it.",2
2782, August 2018,Great NYC experience,Excellent location great service! Definitely I will not just recommend but think of this as my first option when coming to the big city. Is the kind of service you are expecting of an hotel located on the most important city in the world,5
2783, August 2018,Pretty Nice Hotel,"Great Location for what I was there for, Broadway, just around the corner. Only negative we’re the long lines and check in and I tried to check in early but still had to wait in line. Not to mention it’s so crowded in the lobby because it’s connected to a restaurant. Also would have liked the rooms to be a little cleaner but overall good.",4
2784, August 2018,For your best experience at NYC,"From the moment we decided to stay at the ROW hotel, throughout the reservation process, our room, the special and detailed amenities, until the last minute on the property, were the best in the world. We can only thank Karina Guardado for making our stay an exceptional experience. We’re very impressed with all the details the hotel have to make sure the guests are gonna enjoy their stay in NYC, they literally think ahead of all the needsThank you very much",5
2785, August 2018,Perfect for the bright lights of Broadway Times Sq,"We had our second stay at the hotel within five weeks of our first. A really perfect location for Times Square and Broadway. Very good food court attached. Helpful staff and good security. The rooms are being updated, hence no 5 star. But that said a perfect choice for a New York hotel. Book direct for some amazing prices and free offers including free airport shuttle bus.",4
2786, May 2018,"Great location, quirky.","I often stay at ROW NYC for business - 2-3 times a year. It's the location that wins every time, but after my last stay, I've decided it has changed, or I have. It's a laudable concept and well done. It's New York. Rooms are small. Bathrooms even smaller. But it's clean, has some quirky decor, Indian market murals, dark corridors and a hang out area rather than a trad restaurant area. It's so close to Times Square (not my fave) and Hell's Kitchen (love the restaurants), it's hard to resist. Rates are ok. But it's become more and more like a youth hostel, hundreds of kids handing about the lobby last two times. Nowhere to take 5, do some emails and have a quiet coffee before the next meeting. Staff have never been the friendly type here- actually that's not quite true. Reception",3
2787, August 2018,SLEEP IN NY,Very good location although 8th avenue is quite dirty and busy. It is worth to be a couple of blocks from downtown NY and times square.Rooms are just small size but enough for a couple. Rooms are clean and service is good. It is a good alternative for a 3 day trip to NY. Location is very good.,4
2788, February 2018,Great staff,We stayed here earlier in the year. Great location. Great staff. We received a very warm and friendly welcome from Junior at the check in desk. He was brilliant and so helpful. We had to extend our stay due to flight cancellations and Junior was so helpful..he couldn't do enough to help us get sorted. Room were clean and bed very comfortable. Nice bar in reception too,4
2789, August 2018,Family Trip,Nice location. Good accommodations. It was near Times Square and made it very easy to access all attractions in the area. The room was on a high floor which made the view pretty nice. Very good hotel and staff.,5
2790, August 2018,a trip to new york,"the hotel is in a very good location very good beds no refrigerator and a kettle for hot drinks, restrooms are small and not so comfortable .but overall is very good. i prefer breakfast as part of the deal. so you can spend the hours of the day better.",4
2791, August 2018,Would stay here again,It was small but cozy and the blackout shades were perfect for our night of rest. All though the bathroom was super small the space overall was just what we needed. View wasn’t bad and the bed was extra cozy.,5
2792, August 2018,Review of ROW NY,The Hotel is strategically placed for good business but it is gradually deteriorating in cleanliness.Myself and my family kept sneezing throughout the night during bed time due excessive dust in the rooms.,2
2793, August 2018,a room too small.,found toe nail clippings on the carpet. rooms should be inspected by housekeeping super to ensure cleanliness.no fan or air circulation in the bathroom plus the bathroom is entirely too small.the price of the rooms is very reasonable but the taxes are outrageou 85.85 for one night and in all the taxes plus 30.00 for facility fees cost 136.00 second night 118.00 plus tax and fee 176.00. never again.,2
2794, August 2018,Just ok,Hot bakery to be included rather than just the cold ones. At least Water bottles and tea to be included in the rooms. More focus to be put onto renovation of room. They changed our refrigerator after one night as it froze everything in it so they did not charge us for that.,3
2795, August 2018,Perfect place for any visit,"I have been a frequent guest of Row, from when they started renovations years ago, and continue to make this my hotel of choice every time I am in NY. Now not only do I stay here but pretty much every work colleague that comes to the city (which is frequent) as well. The rooms and closets are small but this is NY and you will find this in almost any hotel BUT the rooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff is extremely pleasant and helpful. If you want a great experience upgrade to a city view room as there is nothing better than watching the city lights at night. The hotel is a perfect location for the times square experience and their onsite food has a lot of great options - Sugar Shack, District M and City Kitchen. Highly recommend for any length of visit.",5
2796, August 2018,Excellent for the ones who love walking around,"Excellent stay. Very cool and close to Times Square, Port Authority (metro station), restaurants and Broadway shows. Easy to access. Nice amenities. Lobby bar with live shows. Employees are always nice.",5
2797, August 2018,Nice and modest (needs improvement),"I’ll try to make a full review of all the main points: CHECK IN (begins at 4pm) Check in takes 5/10 minutes which is understandable because there are a lot of guests. After all, it’s New York City we are talking about. However, staff does their job and nothing more. So, in another words, staff is not friendly. They are not unpleasent, let that be clear, but they do seem tired of listening to people all day long. When you check in, you are happy and excited to be in a new hotel and in a new place and your first image of the place/hotel is for sure how the staff of the hotel welcomes you. I think Row Hotel could do better. “MANDATORY FACILITY FEE”: When you book this hotel, you may have the idea that the wifi is free (included). Be aware that wifi is not free at all. There",3
2798, August 2018,Price and quality are not well related.,There should be fridge in the room or at least Ice machines in all floors. Rooms are very small and closets are tiny with few hangers. Queen beds aren't the size expected. Room service is great. The music player in elevators is really appreciated.,3
2799, August 2018,Weekend Stay,Loved the cleanliness of the hotel and the room the view of the city from the 14th floor was excellent. The security was very good. Our overall experience was wonderful and we will be coming back to stay. The location was perfect for travels within the city.,5
2800, August 2018,Nothing Like New York,"What can I say? The hotel was central to the theatre district, in close proximity to the Port Authority, and subway. So many restaurants to choose from. The fact they closed 8th avenue and made it into a wonderful street festival.",5
2801, August 2018,Quick Overnight in Times Square,Great for a quick one night stay in NYC. The room was small but funky and for all the time spent in the room it was good. Staff were very friendly and helpful and the Citizen M bar was great! Great location.,5
2802, May 2018,Row NYC Hotel,Stayed here for 4 nights. All I can say is it has an excellent location. After that not a lot going for it. Our room was tiny - barely space to walk around bed but was clean and had a comfortable bed. Corridors dark nd dreary. No breakfast- just a coffee dock. Suitable for quick visit but depressing if u were here longer. Loved NYC so didn’t spend too long in hotel.,2
2803, August 2018,2nd time at the Row,"Staff was nice, even thought staff forgot to clean my brother's room one morning. My registration agent Yanell, (poss spelled incorrect) was kind and did every thing in her power to accommodate my family.",3
2804, August 2018,Acceptable but not comfortable,"The hotel is certainly an economic choice and an ideal location but this comes at a cost in comfort. Personally I actually felt dirty just touching anything in the building and it's just a matter of cleaning with rags and soap. Light switches, which everyone has to touch, had dirt all around them and worn off in the middle where people were touching it. I understand the small rooms and the older style but cleanliness is not acceptable. Staff are polite enough and the hotel was perfect for what we were doing I just think they need staff to go clean the rooms from top to bottom and then keep up with it.",3
2805, August 2018,Ideal location,"Stayed at this hotel last week and was highly impressed. Staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms was cleaned every single day, with clean towels every day. Considering the hotel is on a main road ( 5 minutes roughly from Times Square) the rooms are very quiet. The beds are super comfy, the blinds are blackout blinds which is perfect. A tv facing the beds which is also perfect. When you come in on the evening security are standing in front of the lifts and will not let no one in unless you all show your lift pass, I think this is excellent. Will I stay here again? Of course I will and I have also recommended this hotel to everyone I know.",5
2806, August 2018,Perfect as always,"Just back from my two night stay at Row NYC. Just like the last time, my stay was perfect. The reception area is always busy but moves fast and the staff are very helpful (man in pink shirt - give him a promotion). The rooms are small but this is NYC so what do people reallly expect, especially with the proximity to Times Square. We got the superior room upgrade which is worth the money, even has a bath and loads of room. Rooms also had a safe which is handy. Check in and out was easy. Check in isn’t untill 4pm but if you can’t find something to do for a couple of hours in New York then you’ve got a real problem. Also check out isn’t untill 12pm, so you get an extra hour in comparison to most of the other hotels. Obviously you pay a resort fee of around $30 per night but in",5
2807, August 2018,Was our fav hotel,"Hotel was awesome the first time we stayed here. Our latest stay wasn't so great. Internet was wonky, we had an additional charge added to bill, didn't have any face towels in the room and no one answered the phone when we called.",3
2808, August 2018,🗽🎭,"Very convenient location to Times Square, Broadway etc. Room comfortable, helpful staff. Would stay here again and would recommended. System for using the very fast lifts excellent - no waiting. Enjoyed visit.",4
2809, January 2018,easy access to theatres,"very close to theatres, rooms are on the smallish side but have most things you need. would be great to be able to make a coffee or tea in your room but an easy lift ride down to purchase one. easy check in and check out and a smooth stay with no problems.",4
2810, August 2018,The Row is great!,"Great location to see any Broadway show! Our 1st trip to NYC and it was perfect. Hotel on 8th between 45th & 46th, Sardi's is on 45th, Schmackery's is on 49th. Close to subway! Highly recommend. Bathroom was a bit small, but functional. Get the room with a view!",4
2811, August 2018,Fantastic All Around,"From check in to check out this really made our brief trip the best!! Junior was awesome, he was able to upgrade our room at no additional cost and even gave us complimentary drinks at the bar to kick off my 50th - If ever back we'll stay here...no doubt, perfect location to times square and all broadway shows",5
2812, August 2018,Close to everything,"This hotel was lovely and clean, the room was quite small but had everything you need for the short time that we were actually in the hotel room (shower and sleep). I used the gym during my stay and although it was small it again had everything you needed for a good workout. The art decor in the hotel was lovely with some eye-catching murals on the room landings. The reception was lovely although I couldn't help but notice the pungent smell that was sometimes in the lobby area. All the staff that I spoke to were lovely, the guys outside were always happy to help with any questions about the area.",4
2813, August 2018,Disappointed,"We arrived to the hotel early and left our luggage in the luggage store. When we returned later we were advised they would get the luggage brought up straight away. We had to Waite 2 hours, after a call down the bellman brought them up. Room not particularly clean. Broken toilet door lock, broken air con grate top. 2 of everything when there’s 3 of us. Shower head rusty. Black mould around bath. Loose wires. Double bed not a double bed very small for 2 people. Glad we are only here for a few days 😔",2
2814, December 2017,Christmas visit,"My wife and myself stopped at the Row NYC for 4 nights over Christmas. We had a wonderful experience. District M in the lobby is in a food court style with lots of choices, although it can get a little busy at times. The location of the hotel is great, literally walk out the front door and take the first street on your right and follow it along for a couple of minutes and you are in Times Square. Beware of service charges that have to be paid on check in, I think it was around $25 per day to cover wi-fi and telephone etc, so remember to budget extra for this. The hotel is very very clean and no noise either. Does not have facilities to make hot drinks in the room either but a ride down the lift and across the lobby and district M had coffee and doughnuts !",4
2815, August 2018,Disappointing...,"Disappointing experience - room small and very smelly. Could do with steam cleaning carpets and general overhaul. Felt like a hostel, not a four star hotel... Good location for Times Square and cafe downstairs was pleasant. Handy location for all site seeing buses but not worth the price unfortunately....",1
2816, August 2018,10 days in NYC,"It's a very convenient hotel, less than 5 min. walking from Times Square, and on walking distance of many visitable NYC spots. The quality of the service, customer attention and care are awesome. Quite appealing hotel.",4
2817, August 2018,Bad sleep because house keeping woke us up both mornings. Other than the hotel is quite cleans and a good location,Bad sleep because house keeping woke us up both mornings. Other than the hotel is quite cleans and a good location In the middle of Times Square . Recommend to people who will stay in that area but my friend and I did not have the best time.,1
2818, August 2018,Row NYC is the best!,"The staff was excellent and helpful. The location for Broadway plays, Times Square, fabulous restaurants, and the subway can't be beat. I traveled alone with my granddaughter, and we felt very safe and secure in his hotel. I drove and the hotel took excellent care of my car.",5
2819, August 2018,"Great location in the heart of the theater district, but the rooms leave something to be desired.","Great location, clean room, fairly comfortable, but the rooms are all rather small. The bathroom in my room was too tight and close, with no moving room or space to put personal products on the sink. And the shower didn't have a full spray.",3
2820, August 2018,"Great hotel, well located!","The hotel is walking distance to all plays you want to go, plus Time Square, Hell's kitchen restaurants and Shake Shack.Staff is friendly, specially Junior.The rooms are not that big but they are renovated, clean and cozy.Bathroom is ok.",5
2821, August 2018,Dark but a good location to stay.,"The decor was dark and the lobby/hallways were smelly. The rooms are bright with color. The air conditioning is extremely loud. The beds needed new bed pillows. That being said, we arrived very late, 1:35 am. The gentleman at the door offered to valet park our car , needless to say we were so happy. The location is a good . Try it out, you might like it.",4
2822, August 2018,"Good location, nice rooms, a little pricey","Like the title says it’s a little pricey and they get you with deposits and other fees but what hotel in NYC isn’t expensive? It’s in a good location, the rooms are nice (could be a little nicer for the price), the staff are friendly. All in all I enjoyed my time here until I received my bill but hey treat yourself!",4
2823, August 2018,Good place to stay for a visit to NY,"If you want a hotel to stay and rest while you are all day out exploring New York for a competitive price, than this hotel is definitely worth to consider. With Time Square only a block away this hotel puts you right in the heart of the matter. Perfect for first time visitors to NY like us.",4
2824, August 2018,Downtown experience,"Checkin was a breeze after a hectic and lengthy delay at the airport. Arrived later than expected and checkin was a breeze. Pleasant staff, room was smaller than expected. Felt like i was onboard a cruise ship somewhat lol. Would stay again",4
2825, December 2017,Gotta love the location,"This place ended up with the cheapest prices which was unexpected so I decided to try it. The location is amazing, right across the street from the subway, right by Broadway. It was great staying at a place you could actually go back to multiple times a day if you needed to. The room was fine - smallish but quiet enough. The little food court was also very convenient and the food worked out. Good for a quick bite. I was surprised it was cheaper then places farther out but I'll stay again if the price is close enough.",3
2826, August 2018,First time at ROW NYC,"I really liked ROW NYC. It was easy to check in and check out. I liked that I was able to check in and out from my phone, that made it so much easier to get in and out. I would definitely return to ROW NYC",4
2827, August 2018,Surprised,Smallest room with the smallest bed I have ever seen. Started as a two night stay with two double beds. Needed to changed to one night which was done well in advance. Then we ended up with the smallest room and smallest bed I have ever seen. Good thing my daughter and I like each other. Check in line was way too long. Location was perfect so we endured.,3
2828, August 2018,Disappointing,"I was happy to receive an email allowing me to check in online and pick up my key at the lobby kiosk. Sadly, The kiosk did not recognize my name and I stood in line for over 30 minutes while only two people worked at the registration desk. The lobby was noisy and crowded, and there was trash on the floor as there was in the hallways. The hotel is decorated with large photographic murals covering entire walls and neon displays that distract from the poor condition of the doors, the trim, and the lack of general upkeep. My room was tiny, which is not necessarily a problem.It looked out on some other hotel rooms so I needed to keep the curtains closed. The bedding was clean and there were plenty of towels.But the furniture and built in fixtures in the room were chipped and worn.",2
2829, August 2018,A reasonable choice in a good location,Midtown Manhattan is incredibly busy and costly . For location and overall value this hotel is the obvious choice . No one likes the sting of the additional facilities fee ( 30 dollars ) but it’s the norm . Breakfast is ok - limited portion but excellent quality . The gym is good . Allow 10 mins for using the lift - all hotels are busy . The manager is excellent and understands customer service . He moved us to a better and quieter room on hearing of a difficult first night of being near the lift . The city never sleeps 🛏,4
2830, August 2018,"Great location, quiet room","Maybe your review depends on the room you're assigned, but I found check-in a breeze, never waited more than a minute or so for the elevator (to 22nd floor), the front desk was helpful in letting me check in early so I could prepare for a work assignment after travel, and my end-of-hallway room (2227) was very clean and quiet.",4
2831, August 2018,Nice Spot off Times Square,"Had a great experience from check in to check out. Beautiful and spacious room, comfortable king bed, great view of the Hudson river, and a fun bar in the lobby. Our bartender even arranged a round of drinks for my birthday. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.",5
2832, August 2018,GOOD LOCATION,"its easy to get evrywhere bus terminal, subway station and broadway theatre.....The room was very clean and the staffs were so kind.we could sleep well even the hotel is inthe center of NYC.I will come back and stay there next time again because price was reasonable too.",4
2833, August 2018,Friendly atmosphere in the middle of everything,Staff is pleasant and very helpful (that is EVERYONE we encountered over the phone and in person!) We go to NYC for the shows and this is within walking distance of everywhere we would want to go. The atmosphere is so convivial that it spreads to the guests. Each person I encountered seemed genuinely happy.,4
2834, August 2018,"Roaches, broken luggage, tiny rooms...","I wouldn't suggest this hotel after staying in it simply because there were cockroaches in the gym area, then the bellboy broke my luggage, the wheel came off completely, he never apologized or offered help, and the room was tiny..",1
2835, August 2018,AVOID,"Rude staff. Poor service. Poor value for money, for a little more you can go stars around the corner.. it not worth climbing down 24 flights of fire stairs due to the broken lifts, the black fungus falling from the air-con onto your mouth or the leaking bathroom in the impossibly small rooms with really no amenities..Foyer is like grand central station. The pictures and the some of the other ""reviews"" are at best misleading.",1
2836, August 2018,Good experience,"Happy I made Row NYC my choice. convenient location, good food. clean room. I will return. They are nice to upgrade to better upon request. Easy check in and out. If you are visiting NYC, make Row your choice.",5
2837, August 2018,Awsome,I recommend this hotel to many guest in Manhattan the quality is great and the service is fantastic the area is exquisite it's in a main area where a lot of tourist come to visit so it's worth it PS great deals,4
2838, July 2018,"Central, Honest and Clean Hotel in New York!","Nice room, although we had to pay a bit extra to have city views, clean and confortable room, refurbished a few years ago! Located in the heart of Brodway and near to all the theaters and Times Square! Subway across the street from were you can get anywere! Fast Check in, and OUT, you just leave your keys in a mail box at the reception. Wonderful, wonderful city!!! A bit noisy sometimes with all the ambulances and firetrucks but...wonderful indeed!!",4
2839, August 2018,Great Times Square location - ideal for tourists,"8th Avenue isn’t the most pretty of locations for a stay in the city, but it must rank as one of the most convenient. Close to Times Square, Broadway shows, tour buses, including The Ride, Penn Station and the Port Authority Bus Terminal. So, what’s the hotel like? Nothing fancy but offers clean, quiet, air conditioned rooms with a choice of casual dining attached to the hotel. The cafe/bar near the lobby is small and often crowded for a 28 floor hotel. The elevator system results in a wait occasionally due to the number of people queuing. Frequented by cabin crew from a few airlines, the hotel offers a good standard of comfort for a reasonable price. Although don’t forget to add on the $50 resort tax per room - payable upon check-in.",3
2840, August 2018,Good hotel but pay attention at the check in,"The hotel is great. It s near Times Square, about 5 min walking. The rooms are clear and the food is good. Pay attention to the check out because I found some things added. Anyway, when I said it to the staff, they fixed it. So, just pay attention. I had some problem with the room when I split it with my friend during the check out.",4
2841, August 2018,Well situated,"Well situated for Times Square and Broadway. Public areas and food hall area very busy, but that's New York. The room was quite small (for America) but clean with a comfy bed. It served a purpose for our 3 night stay. It had a great lift system!",4
2842, August 2018,Lots of fun!,"Had a great time, loved the view and the room and bed were very comfortable. The location was central enough to get to the film fest we attended at the Lincoln Centre, and to a variety of attractions.",5
2843, August 2018,GREAT location,The Row NYC is a great hotel for theatre goers! Location is perfect to walk to theatres and Times Square. Our room with a view on the 27th floor was very clean and modern. We loved it! The only complaint we had is that the wifi connection was not good.,4
2844, August 2018,Restless night!!,"I booked this hotel through hotel tonight for a one night stay. The hotel lobby and hallways have a musty smell, hallways were dirty and dark. Bathtub did not drain well so you take a shower in a puddle of water. Toilet had pee stains and the tiles and the back of the bathroom door had random long hairs and stains of who knows what. The most uncomfortable pillows I have ever laid my head on. Management really needs to look into replacing these. My sister and I tossed and turned the entire night due to how uncomfortable the pillows were. Woke up with a bad headache due to this. I’m not sure what kind of housekeeping they are doing cause the the side tables and lamps had a thick coat of dust and hairs on the desk. All in all this was one of the worst hotels stays. The only pro to",1
2845, August 2018,"location good, amenties not so much","dont expect coffee in the room or a fridge or a microwave. dont expect to find water and ice easily, or for anyone to know where a working machine is. dont expect to be able to go floor to floor looking for said water and ice....or even to be able to get back to your floor easily. rooms are very small. expect alot of charges for resort fees and taxes.",3
2846, August 2018,The Steps of Broadway,"Location, location, location. Walk to Broadway, walk to Times Square, walk to Central Park, walk to 42nd Street Pier, walk to Penn Station, walk to Madison Square Gardens. And walk to more great restaurants than I can count.",5
2847, August 2018,Great location for a NYC stay,"Enjoyed the stay and being so close to the NYC action. Even though its a busy place - the hotel is an excellent choice for being in the middle of all activities, yet having a quiet place to stay for the night.",4
2848, August 2018,Amazing front desk staff,"The front desk staff took the time to make friendly conversation and offer suggestions on places to go out for dinner and places to visit around town at night. She also gave me info for to look into discounts for business travel, definitely be back! Great job!",5
2849, August 2018,Good hotel,"Second visit at this hotel. Stayed for 4 nights, got upgraded to a corner room with a view as we were on honeymoon. Clean, friendly and great location. Yes check in can take a while, the rooms are a bit smaller than some others but plenty big enough and the bathroom is a good size. The staff are very helpful and it’s in a great location, 4-5 mins stroll from Times Square. Would highly recommend.",4
2850, January 2018,Like Being In A Factory,"Ever have to wait 30 minutes on line to check into a hotel? Well, you'll get to experience this if you book this hotel. Nice enough rooms, clean and comfortable. Good location if you don't mind the crowds of Times Square. Great nearby restaurants. VERY close to Broadway for shows.",3
2851, August 2018,Row NYC,"Basic hotel but good location, nice room and comfy beds. This is my 2nd time to stay here. Everything was great !! My friend asked for something special on my birthday the the reception gave us free drink and nice view so thank you.. I will give your a first choice if visit NY",4
2852, August 2018,Nice Place,"My Daughter and I had a great time . I wish there was a folder in the room with information in it about room service, things happening in town, maybe restaurants information since it was restaurant week and maybe a map of the area of fun things to do and see",5
2853, August 2018,Its all about the location.,"This is a average hotel, clean, small rooms definitely not 4* in standards in Ireland or UK. Location however it has it all within walking distance. If using transport that takes you to the port authority or pen station you can walk to here. If you arrive early the hotel allows you to complete check in but will not allocate your room till 4pm but they will hold your luggage so you can start exploring immediately. All within walking distance Central park, Broadway, times square, Macy's Empire state building and many more.",4
2854, August 2018,ROW Hotel Review,"Our experience there was for four days, and every day was Fabulous. All who we interacted with were over the top friendly, effective and efficient in their role. the location of hotel is excellent. The room was well cleaned every day. I left my iPad in room safe by mistake and discovered once I got home I assumed it would be difficult and take weeks to get it back if I got back at all. Contrary to my thoughts the staff at “list and found” and the system in place for mailing and returning it was excellent. I had it in my hands three days later. I am very impressed with how that situation was resolved favorably.",5
2855, August 2018,3 day stay,"Fantastic location. Basic hotel but does have a nice bar though not cheap. Very comfy beds, most of the staff were helpful and friendly. The rooms don't have tea and coffee facilities that I think they need.",4
2856, August 2018,coming home,"I have been staying at the hotel for over 40 years. I consider it my home away from home.The location is prime and the outstanding friendly professional staff make an enjoyable stay.I highly recommend the hotel for business or pleasure. The available services from the Kitchen to the bar are added value. At the heart of the Theater district, it is an easy walk to a Broadway show.",5
2857, August 2018,Not Impressed,"Yes it's in Midtown... But I was charged an extra $100 fee to my credit card that is refunded when checking out upon arrival which they do not tell you when booking. They also charge you all of these extra fees, $30 for Wifi and a compostable water bottle that's probably worth $2. I was told while booking that you can pick 3 rewards when you check in. I was told one of them was free parking. Parking cost $40 a day. When I asked about the rewards the man at the desk said free parking wasn't one of them. He didn't really know how to redeem the rewards. While checking out, same thing, the guy at the desk said ""he thinks"" I go to some website to redeem the rewards. The water dispenser on my floor was broken. There is no fridge in the hotel room or coffee machine, which even",2
2858, August 2018,High school graduation trip with granddaughter,This hotel is a block and a half from ground zero Times Square. Location was perfect for going to plays but also has some great restaurants within 5 blocks. I can't say enough about the staff at the cafe off the lobby; we ate all our breakfasts there and the staff was so friendly and helpful all 5 days - and we're from the southwestern US so we know what nice looks like! Regular rooms are small but adequate but we didn't spend much time there anyway so not an issue.,4
2859, August 2018,Rocking at The Row Hotel,I always stay at the Row Hotel Proximity to theaters and to public transportation is amazing Love how international the hotel is The price is right for Times Square area The staff and rooms are great I don't need a lot but what they give is the best,5
2860, August 2018,Unclean and not recommended,"The only thing this hotel has going for it is the location. That is superb, close to Times Square, just steps away from the subway. Easy to get around by foot or public transportation. Other than that I was greatly disappointed. I was looking at several hotels in the area, but chose Row for the price. I booked a deluxe room with city view. There was a city view, but other than that there was nothing deluxe over the room. Small and unclean. The carpet was dusty, items from other guests left behind and it felt quite nasty. The bathroom was small, but surprisingly clean compared to the room. I had connecting doors of both sides if the room, and I could literary hear evey conversation from both rooms. Terrible! And the glitch under the entrance door was so huge I had trouble",2
2861, May 2018,Cannot beat this location if you are seeing multiple Broadway shows!,"Great Theater location! Easy access from the bus station, if you bus it in. Great selection of food, in the food court area. Rooms are smaller, 4 people in a room is tough with luggage. If you are higher up, the wait time for an elevator might be longer. No coffee makers in the room, so in the morning prepare for a long run for coffee.",4
2862, August 2018,Great experience for our first trip to NYC,"We had tickets to go see Hamilton and the hotel’s location was the first draw. It was convenient and everyone was friendly and courteous. Didn’t eat at City Kitchen or go into the bar area, but seemed like a nice addition to the hotel. Would definitely recommend.",5
2863, August 2018,"Good hotel, lousy booking","The hotel was good, and very convenient. However, we booked our pre-paid reservation via Agoda, but the hotel would not provide the double-double room we booked. We had to pay an additional $40/night to get what we had originally booked for.",4
2864, August 2018,Great hotel bad service!,"The hotel it’s self is great but the service was a bit lacking. For example, we valeted our car and they sent our car to the wrong hotel and we ended up waiting over 45 minutes to get it. The we not apologetic about it at all and while we were waiting they keep telling us it was 5 minutes away. Finally, my friend used her iphone to check where it was and it was less that a block way not moving. They finally admitted that the valet took it to the wrong hotel. It was a mess! The rooms themselves were really nice and a good price so there’s that!",3
2865, August 2018,Too big to care,"We've stayed for 3 nights in the Row NYC. Excellent location, but there it stops. We didn't get the reserved (and payed extra for!) city view deluxe room, but a room with a view on a brick wall.Big disappointment, but nothing thad could be done... No refund, no complementary drinks, nothing.Really disappointing.",3
2866, August 2018,Dirty,"Good location but dirty rooms, we had 2 rooms but both were dirty , hair chewing gum etc etc. Won't come back again. Loud and more like a hotel for teenager or hostel where u can party. Reception did not seem to care about my complaint about the messy rooms either...",1
2867, August 2018,Row Excellence,"Thank you to all of the staff,in particular Gregg Wheeler, for making us feel welcome and important as visitors to Row and NYC. The convenience of the hotel to subway and taxis made sightseeing and visiting easy.",5
2868, July 2018,Okay-ish,"Location wise it is great - close to food, times square, subway stations etc. However, the hotel not that great. When we checked into our room, the bath was disgusting with hair in it although the rest of the room was clean-ish. We unfortunately got a room by the lifts which was extremely annoying because we constantly hear them and got no sleep for the nights we were there. Saying that, the location was very convenient and the staff at the door (not desk) were extremely helpful and friendly!",3
2869, August 2018,Meh,"The hotel has a very strange smell, like urine, in the elevators and hallway. While I enjoyed the quick pre check in experience the only interaction we had with a staff member seemed so rushed and no introduction of hotel facilities was shared. Our door felt so flimsy and kept making loud sounds every time someone was in the hallways and we really had awful sleep as a result.",3
2870, August 2018,Great location,"Awesome location close to attractions and transport. Clean and comfy bed. Great air con. Good internet. I think the staff could be more helpful. Check in is a bit of a shambles, especially when is busy. We checked in early and had to come back once out room was ready, told we wouldn’t have to queue again, but due to ‘short staffing’. We had to queue again. No big deal, just a bit annoying. Often long queues for check in and also the lifts. Wanted to go to the bar twice, once it was closed (1130 on a Friday night- bit weird), and today after check out, had to wait ten minutes for someone to turn up to serve me. Also the hotel could benefit from some tourist maps and information. Also it’s a bit unclear how everything works, eg I was trying to get the computers in the lobby to",3
2871, August 2018,An Urban Oasis in the Heart of NYC,"For most of us, any trip to New York City is welcomed on our travel itinerary. Whether for work, for vacation, or to visit family and friends, what better destination is there? Not surprisingly, nightly hotel rates in Manhattan and Brooklyn are usually at the $250+ price point. Of course, there will be some deals during the year, but when your dates are set, you need to find the best possible option at a fair price. In preparation for our recent visit, we perused the many hotel options, but with a specific eye toward something of high quality, in a central location, with thoughtful design, and at a competitive price point. And so our search led us to Row NYC, located one block west of Times Square at 700 8th Ave, New York, NY 10036. Granted, this might at first seem like a",5
2872, August 2018,Stay away from this place !!,"Everything was awful. Staff horrible, rooms disgusting, lifts took over 10 minutes.. yuck yuck yuck. Stay away - this place is a rip off and just so bad. Room was small and dirty. You have to wait around 10 minutes for the lift to come to your floor. Staff were rude and wait times at front desk were up to 30 minutes. Facilities were a complete joke too. This place needs to be ripped apart and they need to start again",1
2873, July 2018,"ROW HOTEL, TIMES SQUARE","Top four star rated hotel located in Times Square, very good value great staff, very good fast food restaurants.. I have no more to say--this program with not take the complete review unless it contains 200 letters!! redicious software!",5
2874, August 2018,S and R,Beautiful room with a great view of the city. We took the $14.oo upgrade and it was worth it.Enjoyed breakfast at City Kitchen. Would have liked bottled water in room instead of having to use tap water for taking medication. We will return the next time we visit NYC.,5
2875, August 2018,Our Visit,"Great location, reasonable prices for NYC, courteous staff! Our second stay here, recommended originally by friend.Nice food court connected to hotel which is great for a quick breakfast or lunch.Would recommend for short visits.",4
2876, August 2018,Please no more ROW. Terrible: nobody cares or responds,"Where do I start? This was - in all my years of traveling over 2,000,000 miles -the worst hotel experience ever. My wife and daughter — after the first night —decided to check out given the poorly kept and unclean conditions of the room. I waited forever in line to express my displeasure after trying to contact the switchboard to try to rectify the problem. After a while of waiting and speaking to barely breathing desk attendants, I got a manager who attempted to rectify my situation by checking us out. However, they charged us for the full five night stay. When I try to contact the hotel, it is literally impossible to talk to a human. No one cares to answer the phone or respond to any voicemail message. There is literally no way to get in touch with them. Whatever you do stay",1
2877, August 2018,Fabulous Times Square Hotel,"I spent my 60th birthday weekend in New York with a group of friends, and we chose the ROW NYC based on its location (heart of Times Square) and price (got a great deal on two double rooms). But apparently someone actually noticed that I was celebrating my birthday, and thanks to Karina and her staff, they made it truly special. It wasn't just the courtesy upgrade or the bottle of bubbly they delivered to the room, it was the thought behind it and the attentive service from all the staff that made this a truly magical weekend. From the basic amenities (clean, comfortable room with decent space for your things, courtesy toiletries) to the service (friendly staff) and the amazing location, the ROW delivered. Thank you, ROW for giving me a weekend to remember.",5
2878, August 2018,family trip NYC,"brightening up the hallways, very dark and poor lighting throughout, location was awesome in the art of all the action, staff very friendly and helpful, concierge was extremely helpful in arranging large SUV transportation back to airport. the restaurant staff was not as friendly and donut guy was rude",3
2879, August 2018,Best hotel in the city!!!!,"Make sure to take advantage of the views!!! I spent almost an hour just watching out of my window. Also the breakfast is amazing, the the chorizo tacos at city kitchen!!!!! The gym on the 3rd floor is amazing as well!",5
2880, August 2018,Great hotel!,"This Hotel is in the heart of mid town and so close to everything. Love the location, and they made it so easy to check in and out. They have an updated system of checking in online and then printing your own keys on arrival. No lines, and it used to be very long lines. The rooms are very clean, and quiet.",4
2881, August 2018,Average 3 star hotel,"The room I was in was badly maintained. The carpet hat stains on several places and the furniture in the room was damaged. The bathroom had a bad smell originating from the drain and the extractor fan was broken. This room was suppose to be an ""upgrade"" from the standard rooms, however I really doubt that this was an upgrade at all.The rest of the hotel was ok. Internet was average at best and the lifts was quick even at busy times.",3
2882, August 2018,Not an unforgettable experience...,"Beautiful area and nice service. But the rooms are very small, absolutely not respecting the pictures provided, and not very clean. Also the rooms are noisy and you can ear everything happening in the nighboor rooms and corridors. With such a location, rooms should be completely different.",2
2883, July 2018,Not that good,"The price it charges does not match the quality of the room. It seems overcharged. The facilities are bit old. We paid extra for higher floor for better view. However, we saw all the pipes and ventilation valves. It was disappointing.",2
2884, August 2018,Could have been better,"The best part of the hotel was probably the lobby. The rooms weren't clean when we arrived. Sheets where not changed, even when there was an obvious stain on the fitted sheet. Cleaning crew was not professional. Did not restock tissue box or toilet paper.",3
2885, August 2018,ANOTHER GREAT STAY AT THE ROW NYC,"I have stayed at the Row NYC many times. The location is great, right near Times Square, the subway, the theaters, and Restaurant Row. Check-in is almost always a breeze, regardless of the time I arrive. And the staff is always friendly.",5
2886, September 2017,Absolutely loved it,"Stayed here for 5 nights and loved every minute,clean and tidy quite modern,requested a upper room for views and got floor 47 was happy enough,very central to Times Square, and do yourself a favour Try out city kitchen and firstly have a burger and secondly try the lobster roll absolutely beaut!!!",5
2887, August 2018,Excellent hotel,"First visit and it ranked quite highly. Rooms were cool, clean and well maintained. Location close to the theaters is great. The staff was friendly and helpful. Business area worked well. Wi-Fi very good.",5
2888, July 2018,Good place. Great location.,"I booked this hotel on Booking.com and loved the outside of the building and when you first walk in. The staff was very nice and knowledgeable. They do check to make sure you have a key to that hotel before you can get on the elevator. Don’t call them after hours “outside the hotel phone” bc no one answers, but maybe they were always busy....who knows lol. The restaurants inside were all awesome! Great location to walk everywhere and subway areas close. It’s literally one sidewalk away from Times Square block. The biggest thing I did not like was waiting at the elevator every single time and there was a crowd/line that was super long every single time. Only certain floors get certain elevators. The building is 30+ stories high, most of the ppl were needing the same",4
2889, August 2018,The Heart of the Big Apple,"This is a great value for a hotel close to everything you’ll want to see in New York!! You’re a block from any Broadway show, a easy stroll to Central Park and a short subway or cab to Wall Street. The hotel itself has excellent staff that understands customer service. When we come to NYC the Row is our home!!",5
2890, July 2018,Country girls in the big city!,"My mother, daughter and I recently stayed with Row NYC for an 8 night stay while my daughter took part in a Broadway Dance camp. The room was booked through the camp, so I have no experience with the booking process. We arrived a day late as our flights were cancelled due to weather in the area so we drove overnight to make it in time for camp. We arrived at about 7am on a Saturday morning and at that time there were only a couple of people in line. Check-in went smoothly and quickly. Room keys are kind of cool in that they double as a souvenir luggage tag after your trip. There seems to be quite a few objections about the elevator, but we LOVED it! You type in your floor number and it tells you which elevator to wait for. We found this so efficient, no constantly",4
2891, August 2018,Great price and location,The hotel lobby was very busy when I arrived but check in was fairly quick and the staff member was very nice. The room was great for a short stay or 3 nights. Nicely appointed room and bathroom. The bed was surprisingly more comfortable than I had expected since I sleep on a sleep number bed at home I'm a little spoiled about mattress comfort. I would definitely stay here again if I need to stay in the theater district. For the price I was very very happy with the experience.,4
2892, August 2018,Great Location — Few Amenities,"Overall, our experience was good, not great. For the price we paid for our stay, we expected more, especially with an upgrade to a “premium” room. No fridge was probably the biggest room drawback with food prices in NYC being what they are, so not being able to store any perishables in the room was a drain on our wallets. The biggest drawback is the wait time on elevators during peak hours. They need a professional bellhop or a new algorithm for the elevator assignments. That being said, all of the staff members were friendly and helpful, and the location in the heart of the Theatre District was perfect for access to shows.",3
2893, August 2018,Quick getaway,This hotel was perfect for the location of the play we were going to see. The theater was just around the corner. The only think i didn't like is that i paid extra to be upgraded and we were put in a handicap room so it seemed we had less space then what i had wanted.,4
2894, August 2018,Nice hotel but...,"Massive elevator problem! Guests can wait for up to twenty minutes each way for the elevator to arrive and even longer if it's raining outside and guests rush in. It was so bad one day that the staff had to transport guests up to their floors in the laundry elevator. Once the elevator took us up to the 18th floor, doors did not open, then it took us back down to the ground floor where we waited another twenty or so minutes for the elevator to arrive! Fix the elevator problem.",3
2895, August 2018,Personnel could be nicer and windows cleaner especially when you pay an upgrade for a view,"The receptionist was not welcoming at all, kept on talking to her colleagues from the other side of the desk before noticing us and didn’t give us any informations or directions. Not what is expected with the room price and especially when you’re coming to a foreign country and that the hotel is the first contact you have with it. Also, payed an extra to have a room with a view but the windows were so dirty that we weren’t even able to see the view properly... A bit disappointed with the service and the room",3
2896, August 2018,Avoid at all costs,came for a convention. our first room was disgusting - covered in hair. we had to move.our keys constantly had to be replaced but had to wait in long lines at the desk to get new keys. The mandatory $30 daily fees for phone and wifi should be built into the room charge.the staff was surely.Absolutely a terrible experience.,1
2897, July 2018,"Great location and price point, Busy Tourist Hotel tho","Right next door to the theatre district and Hells Kitchen. Having the 42nd subway station close is also a benefit. Easy walk to times square - so beautiful at night. Room was NYC sized, if you are from Europe it's just like home. Room was slean and well appointed, bathroom nice as well. Wifi is dicey in the rooms and the elevators are, at times, painfully slow. Lots of visitors checking in and out daily make the lobby a bit chaotic but quiet on the floors. Worth a serious look.",3
2898, August 2018,Good and Bad,"Location is great, very near to everything.Small rooms but comfortable.Helpful security and guards.The staff when I checked in provided ordinary service, no further assistance and even smirked when I asked further questions.The smell of hotel when you enter is good. But the elevator and rooms lobby smelled awful.",3
2899, August 2018,Stylish and comfortable hotel,"My daughter and I loved this hotel. We had an incredible view that a lovely human being named Junior gave us when he saw that we had a bed too small for our mother, daughter. He gave us two different options, was kind, warm and friendly. We chose the room with the best view. Great room and nice place to stay.",5
2900, August 2018,Unforgettable 25th wedding anniversary,"good service, good price and in the middle of New York. What do you want more. We had a upgrade of our rooms and that was probably one of the best decisions we made. We had five beautiful rooms with our family out of ten people.",5
2901, August 2018,Excellent Place to Stay,"It´s an excellent option in NYC, with a high coast benefit! An excellent location, near from Broadway, Times Square and Theater´s streets. The friendly and professional attendance are strong points as well.",4
2902, July 2018,Junior is a SUPERSTAR!,"The hotel is in a very good location, rooms are not too big but generally it is an ok place to stay. On the other hand the staff and especially Junior are among the best I have ever talked to!! Amazing amazing and this guy deserves all the best!",5
2903, August 2018,"Not the luxury advertised, but good location and liveable for a few days.","Overall, is an average hotel. Good location in the middle of town, near Times Square. Felt like a bit of a hostel at times rather than a hotel. Downstairs lobby was often crowded and disorganised. Staff seemed friendly. Rooms needed renovating, tired and old. Needed a paint and good clean. But was ok enough for a few days business trip.",3
2904, August 2018,"Bad service, slow service, tiny room",On check in I was only one in line and was found quickly and given my key. That’s it. Wasn’t handed a brochure on hotel amenities. Wasn’t informed on attached restaurants. No directions on how to use confusing elevators. Nothing. Just handed the key. I had to ask and push the issue. Like pulling teeth to get information. The room was the tiniest I’ve ever seen. Drawers wouldn’t open all of the way because other thing were in the way. The bathroom was tiny and smelled of mold and mildew. The maid service skipped our room twice during our stay. Staff lied to me about a late check out and I had to leave in a hurry because of that lie. They over charged me on my credit card. Horrible experience. Will never recommend or return. For the price you would expect more. They will not do,1
2905, August 2018,MR BK,"Avoid of rooms near to elevator. I had a room close to the elevator for one night and it was terrible. Checking In desk changed me it after the the first nigh and it was very good. Good location, good service, great view (from new room) Take care that your room has window for a Main Street.",4
2906, August 2018,No response from Manager,"We had a small issue where housekeeping took or threw away a souvenir theater show cup. It was left on the nightstand, not in the trash. We emailed the manager just to let them know so they can train the staff but received no response. If you’re going to offer an email address, we feel there should be a response. Otherwise, room was very small but clean. Location is convenient. Not much of a lobby to hang out in if you like that. Staff was friendly when help asked for. Self check-in required assistance so didn’t save much time. If there was a breakfast no one told us. It was good for our 2-night, lots of theatre visit as we weren’t in hotel much and location worked well. Last, be aware they charge a $30/night facilities fee so that jacks up the online price you see. I’m used",2
2907, August 2018,Room was loud and internet was terrible - make another choice!,"Room was loud and internet was terrible - make another choice! Bed was tiny, no soap in the bathroom and just a terrible experience. I had stayed here last year and had a much better experience - not sure what changed.",1
2908, August 2018,Awful stay don't go there,Room was very small you just open the door and jumb on the bed . There was no view and when we asked them to change the room theu refused although we stayed for 4 nights. The cleaning service is very poor they took our personal sleepers from our room. We stayed for four nights and they never change the bed sheets during our stay. No profishonal staff on the reception. Breakfast is basic 5 pieces of your selection. very poor the same things every day and if you need a one more piece of fruit its not allowed!!,2
2909, August 2018,Hotel feels cheap,"Bad service and small rooms in small hallways in a hotel on crowded Time Square. Generally feels cheap to stay there. Also would not recommend to stay on Time Square, where it is way too busy and nothing original happens.",3
2910, August 2018,Thanks...but,"The reception Lady was great and super freindaly every thing was great except the breakfast team was unfriendly and rude, they make we feel like we asking for a charity And they are forced to deal with us .",4
2911, August 2018,very good!,"Very nice location, near time square and subway line. the internet signal didn’t work all the time inside the room. Outside in the lobby it was excellent. Is very organice the elevator to get to your room. The bedroom was always clean, the put lots of towels, everything was perfectly fit. You can have breakfast in the lobby floor, the have classical American breakfast, I will like more healthy option for example fruits. In general is a nice location , easy to go whatever you like, walking or subway . Recomended",4
2912, July 2018,Great Location,"This hotel is located only a block back from Times Square, a few blocks away from major subway stops and basically next to Restaurant Row. The rooms are very small (which would be expected for a hotel room in New York City) and some of the fixtures are ""banged-up"" from frequent use. I also found it strange that in order to access the elevators to the rooms, there was security checking to make sure you had a room key before passing....regardless, I would still recommend this hotel because of the price and location.",4
2913, August 2018,So...so,"Sad sort of hotel, except for convenience. No fridge nor microwave in room. Can't even request one. District M prices are way overboard. Great location, but that's about it. Elevators are ridiculously slow. I'll look elsewhere for my next trip.",3
2914, August 2018,Solid Value,The price to experience value for this hotel is significantly higher than other hotels in the Times Square area if you're looking for no frills situation. Shake Shack is a bonus across the street. We've been multiple times with a consistent result.,5
2915, August 2018,I had a really bad experience and I don’t recommend this place,"The rooms are extremely small ,not clean, the staff at the pront desk is very unpleasant, you have to wail for the elevators for more then 10 minuets , they charge money for holding packages that are delivered to you, without notifying you before.",1
2916, August 2018,"Shocking hotel, hidden fees and not worth it for the location","A disappointing stay; lucky we weren’t in room much and stay was short, othwise would have changed hotels. The entry smelled of urine, the room was extremely cramped, hidden fees and impersonal check-in.",1
2917, August 2018,Rude and unapologetic staff,"When the hotel messes up your reservation they will cite ""hotel policies"" the manager was not kind when helping us with issues that we had. Instead she could barely look us in the eye. There are ways to apologize to customers who had a bad experience, and this hotel instead asserts the rightness of themselves.",1
2918, August 2018,"good, but can do better","the hotel is very well located, just a few blocks behind times square (if you prefer a quiet and calm place, this is not for you). I think they just remodelled the entire building, so the hotel has thousand of apartments and appears to be always crowded. The room was nice, but didn't have a frigobar, which would saved us a lot of time and money.",3
2919, April 2018,Good,"Everything was good but no restaurant open to sit and enjoy a meal, everything is closed after 9pm, only a bar but without coffee or desert. After checked out you cannot go to the bathroom because you need a key to access the bathroom on the ground floor.",4
2920, August 2018,Very disappointed,The hotel is dated. The room is very small. There was not a refrigerator in the room and the bathroom was horrible. It looked like mold was in the shower. The water pressure was very slow. I could barely turn around in the bathroom.,2
2921, August 2018,I ❤️ The Row,"I’ve stayed at The Row four or five times and think it’s a great find. It’s in the heart of all the energy of Times Square, but provides a peaceful retreat. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I’ll keep coming back.",5
2922, August 2018,General,"The Row is a great place to stay if you want a relative inexpensive room near Times Square. The rooms are small but that is typical in NYC. There is food service concessions with a wide variety of food choices. The ADA rooms are not up to standard, i.e. not high toilet, no room around bed, and low mattress.",4
2923, August 2018,A little oasis of great air conditioning and service!!,"Very pleased with all aspects of this hotel!! Room may have been a bit small but it was well designed, clean and oh so blissfully cool in August! Love a place with great air conditioning! Elevator system was genius so we had no wait shooting up to the 15th floor! Security was on site so we felt safe and having Sugar Factory was a great plus right off the lobby. Walk to Times Square was perfect - would stay here again in a New York minute (sorry, couldn't resist that!)",5
2924, August 2018,Correct but quite a bit expensive and restaurant /breakfast place to small,The room is fine even if a bit old fashion Room service is efficient but restaurant / breakfast place is really too small especially when some groups arrive ( it seems a lot in this hotel) Whatever room are very quite,3
2925, August 2018,Bad experience,"We visited the hotel for 6 nights, a couple and a baby. No doubt the hotel has a great location. Yet, the hotel simply isn't good and isn't worth the money. The rooms are incredibly small, even for a Manhattan hotel room, everything that is provided regularly is hotel was provided for extra money (fridge for example costs 35 dollars). The elevators are super slow and the worst part is the way the staff treated us. We had a flight at midnight and we were with a baby. In addition to that, I was sick, but the hotel staff weren't willing to allow us a later checkout. It was a very disappointing experience.",2
2926, July 2018,Row NY reception staff are rude,Good old fashioned communication skills lacking by frontcreception staff. They can be rude and abrasive. If they're busy they're worse. Management need to invest in some communication skills training. And a little cultural awareness training would be good! Not everyone appreciates the NY abrasiveness,2
2927, August 2018,Good location,"An old building , the location close to T Square very good specially if you have view to 8th Avenue. Very comfortable the bed. In the bathroom soap was missing. Quite place to rest. I would suggest to use more lights in the hotel especially at the corridors was dark",3
2928, August 2018,No serious disappointments,Ideal location in Times Square; within walking distance of many good food places; easy to Uber further out if desired; near many theaters. Easy to get about with no car. Room and bathroom were very clean. Felt safe. Nice modern decor.,5
2929, August 2018,Close to Times Square,"This hotel is conveniently located for theater goers. Room was efficiently laid out, so even though it was small (which we expected in NYC) it was comfortable. We were happy with the hotel and would stay again.",5
2930, August 2018,ROW NYC,"Went on vacation with my family and was referred by a friend to stay at this hotel. Excellent location, service and security. Staff was very helpful and the room was very clean. Will definitely recommend.",5
2931, August 2018,Holiday in New York City,"Room very small and dirty, very noisy and rowdy wouldn’t recommend for families or traveling alone as we didn’t feel safe but a great location otherwise. Staff very helpful on checking in and at breakfast bar.",2
2932, August 2018,First stay in NYC,"Over all nice hotel. Great location, clean, basic amenities. The continental breakfast included in our fee was good. Would be nice to have coffee maker in room. They offer filtered water with collaspable water bottle, but water not available on every floor. Since not on our floor, had to go up 1 floor via elevator - so are waiting for availability. You cannot take the stairs because you will be locked out of your floor - no key pad to re-enter with key. Very good service, security, nice bar / breakfast.",4
2933, August 2018,Deceptive Photos on Booking Sites,"Review already written and rated in previous page. Overall worst, AC has noice so that no one can sleep. Wash rooms are tiny, lavatory is for kids and tubs are for 10kg kids as they hardy bare the weight. Beds were too small but in photos looked bigger. Room service was called for almost 5 times but still the room was cleaned for 2 times in 7 days trip. Reception was totally incorporative. Lifts and dark floors with dim lights on the floor were horrible.",1
2934, August 2018,A little time for us!,"For me, is very important to share special moments with my soulmate, in our favorite city! New York is a magic city! Our feeling is like the living in a movie all the time!! Join us in a rooftop happy hour looking to Manhattan!",5
2935, August 2018,Absolutely best costumer service and location,"From the moment we started check-in with Junior, we felt like ROW is our second home. (Our NYC home) Yay! He was so kind, professional and gave us many tips about the city! We are so thankful to feel this way as many times we feel like just a number when arriving at a hotel. But here we felt SO WelcomE! Thank you Junior! You're outstanding! Best location, convenience with hotel amenities. We will come back many and many times!",5
2936, July 2018,Row NYC,Had a bit of a mishap with my booking through the call centre. But it was sorted after they listened to the call. I was upgraded and they kept their end of the deal. Overall good stay. Breakfast was a bit disappointing.,4
2937, August 2018,Hotel for Broadway,"Great hotel for dancers studying at Broadway dance--seeing Broadway and Off-Broadway Shows. Good restaurants around. Easy corner property for going anywhere. Staff friendly, what's not to love. Happy kids",4
2938, January 2018,you only sleep in your room,"Great Hotel great staff and location we had a nice view too which helps. The hotel was clean tidy and modern had a little shop and great selection of food eateries inside, plus nice bar. The room was a bit small but the bed was comfy so that's all that counts after a hard days walking.",4
2939, September 2017,Decent Hotel,"This hotel is in a great location. I generally had a good experience here, the staff were all very attentive and friendly! The only thing I would say is that the rooms are a little small, and it wasn't a cheap hotel, I also found the hallways a little dark and dingy but I think this is what they were going for. I would return if I needed to but it would not be my first choice!",4
2940, August 2018,"Hidden charges, Poor Service and Poor Quality","The cleanliness and customer service of this hotel was one of the worst that I've came across. The room was grubby and had hair from the previous occupant still in the bath tub and sink area. On the last day I found an invoice for Facilities charge posted under my door, $25 per night! So it didn't turn out to be a cheap place to stay. The area of the hotel is a very busy area with a lot of street noise at all times. The only bonuses of the Hotel is that the lobby smells and looks nice, the room offers a free safe and the location is close to times square.",1
2941, August 2018,Poor hotel great location,This hotel located in an excellent spot to get to the heart of the scene. Most theaters are around and many things to see are close. The hotel lobby and reception are busy all times and it gives a feeling of a train station. The bar is excellent so the coffee at the bar. The “kitchen “ serves good breakfast and tasty pastries. The room is so poor that you don’t want to be there. The elevator is smelly and hot- no air conditioner,1
2942, August 2018,Not worth it,"This place is only worth it if you want to stay somewhere near Times Square. If you’re looking for quality in any other areas, don’t stay here. Customer service was bad. The guy didn’t want to help split our tab because it would take too long. Then people who I emailed for information gave me different information than the people at the front desk. The front desk told us we get two FREE drinks of prosecco each night, but they charged us for it! The only good customer service were from housekeeping as they greeted us every time. The beds weren’t as comfortable and the rooms were very small. The hallways were gross, dark, and smelled like mildew. The elevators always had some kind of stench to it and they were sooo small.",2
2943, August 2018,cleaning in the rooms,"We had problems in the cleaning of the room, since we found dirty with condoms between the bed and the bureau, the next day we did not have towels and it took more than an hour to upload them, the staff very rude and little attention from the manager",3
2944, July 2018,Satisfied Customer!,"As stated previously, the bed in room 1010 needs to be changed or turned or something. It's a lopsided mattress now and very uncomfortable. Otherwise the entire facility was very comfortable and convenient.",5
2945, July 2018,Stay here!,"Location, location, location! Seriously great for walking to everything. Centrally located near great restaurants, theatre and all the fun of Times Square. Super fun photo machine in lobby, crazy candy shop",5
2946, July 2018,Stay at NYC Times Square Row Hotel,"Overall great! Check in was terrible and initial room was not very clean, but staff remedied very quickly and room cleanliness was excellent and service was amazing by the management team. I would recommend staying in Row if you want to stay in heart of Times square with your family.",4
2947, August 2018,Excellent for quick theatre weekend,"The room was on the small side, and the decor was industrial-looking. The bed was comfortable, the A/C was fine, and the internet was good. Considering that we weren't planning to spend much time in the room, it was fine, and a good value.",4
2948, February 2018,Honeymoon,Worst stay ever! They basically ruined my first New York experience. Room service is very slow if any! They charged us for receiving a parcel ahead of time and never informed us! Took them forever to provide me with my parcels! Charged our credit card for the stay without asking if we would like to pay in cash or credit,1
2949, July 2018,My home away from home,I have been staying at ROW NYC since 2015 every time I work in the City. I love the crisp look in the rooms. The easy access to a variety of delicious food in City Kitchen is great and unique. The friendly staff is a plus.,5
2950, July 2018,Cleanliness & Customer Service Not Present,"The room contains bed covers with stains. When calling front desk/staff, they said they will resolve the issue by bringing new covers and etc. After hours of waiting and multiple phone calls, they did not resolve the issue and stopped answering their number. At midnight, I walked around the hotel looking for house keeping and did not find anyone. In the end, I had to resolve the issue by myself by going into house keepings room to retrieve new bed sheets and cover. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.",1
2951, August 2018,Great Location,The room and bathroom are small as stated in other reviews. The lobby is really nice and chic. Check in was quick and the hotel staff was friendly. There is a baggage room to leave your suitcases until the room is available.,3
2952, August 2018,Tourist Trap,Dont waste your money on this hotel. Its definitely a tourist trap. it was quickly renovated and thrown together. Quality and service is horrible. You will be waiting hours to do anything in the hotel,1
2953, August 2018,Try elsewhere first,"Surface clean only, dark and dim hallways and rooms. Check-in took over 30 minutes as understaffed. iPad check-ins were not working. In room AC unit was very loud. Wouldn't stay again. Though, location was great.",2
2954, August 2018,"Good price,but not clean.","The bathroom was covered in hair from the previous guest, all over the sink and shower. The sheets were also dirty, we found stains all over. It was clearly cleaned in a rush or not at all. We unfortunately discovered this very late in the evening and felt that nothing would be done at that hour since it wasn’t even taken care of before we checked in. The location was good, but the room was just so dirty I would definitely look to stay somewhere else next time.",1
2955, August 2018,Safe but not a clean bathroom,"Our room had black mildew around the tub, no short curtain upon check in, dirty windows, dusty window ledge. We had to slam our door to make sure it was closed. Our view was blocked by a wall so we couldn’t see Times Square which was disappointing. Our friends stayed a few floors up and had a wonderful view for the same rate. It would be nice to have a water station in each floor. We had a ask for the water bottles. It was very convenient to store luggage after check out and the female bartender was very nice at Club M. The first floor bathrooms and luggage storage area was updated unlike the rest of the hotel. It was located in a very convenient location.",3
2956, July 2018,Filthy rooms,"You could't pay me to stay here. The rooms were filthy. I had to change rooms. Hair and stains on the mattress, bathroom dirty, stains on walls...dark hallways....just not a great experience. Staff were nice but clearly dealing with a number of issues whenever I was at reception...",1
2957, July 2018,my experience,"on the pictures it looks very nice but in reality I do not think so. It is a good location, in the middle of the Timesquare but I think there is not special. I did not like the hygiene, the bedding was not always clean stains had, the room was cleaned only superficially, bathroom was too narrow. For the price we paid, I am disappointed. The service was reasonably okay.",2
2958, August 2018,Disapointed,"rude staff, smelly lobby, small room with hardly any basic amenities. Motel feel in Hotel skin. Ive traveled the world and stayed in many different hotels. I just couldnt believe how bad my experience was. There are no excuses for this. Will never stay here again and will not recommend. in fact, i will discourage anyone to stay here.",1
2959, August 2018,Very bad service,"4 stars? neary half an hour to check in Nobody anwers the room service, nor returns the messages in the voice mail no soap, no shampoo, no room service Creepy elevators, and no concierge or always on the phone...very long queue everywhere",1
2960, August 2018,My stay at Row NYC Hotel,I have stayed at this hotel a few times. Every time I returned it was better than the time before. The staff in District M were wonderful. My sister dropped something that was in her purse. She didn't realized she had dropped it. They went out of their way to find our room and returned the item. We appreciated their kindness.,5
2961, July 2018,Poor customer service and room smell,"I’ve never left a hotel review before, and consider myself a person who can look past a few things that go wrong. But after this experience, I had to write a review. First, it’s a great location. Right off of Times Square, and we were able to walk to our shows and a lot of places easily. We expected the room to be small, but it felt much smaller than the website pictures felt. There was a miscommunication about our room, so they had to move us, and when they moved us, we went into our new room to find the bed unmade, sheets on the floor and desk, and garbage on the floor. We went back to the desk and they waived 2 nights of the $30 a night hotel extra fee. We appreciated that. In our new room, we called down for pillows. We called 12 times and no one ever picked up the phone,",1
2962, August 2018,Worst Hotel Stay Of My Life,Absolutely dreadful. Air conditioning didn't work and there was a dried blood stain on my bed sheet. I sent a photo of it to the NY health department. Front desk staff were nice and tried to help as much as they could. They did adjust my bill.,1
2963, August 2018,Best location!,"I’ve 3 times in NYC and it was my second at the Row NYC. The reasons I always go to the Row when I’m going to New York is for the amazing location (one street/avenue away from Times Square), for the awesome restaurants (City Kitchen) in the hotel, for the sympathy of the personal, for the beautiful decoration of the hotel, and the hotel is so clean and it smell so good when you go in. That kind of little details is the way you come back! I really recommend you guys that hotel. One of the best in NYC. Always happy in New York at The Row! I can’t wait for the next time!",4
2964, July 2018,NYC,NYC vacation was awesome with all family together tracking and discovering each famous places in New York city. The hotel has a great place... in the center of entertainment. Not far for have a lunch and dinner with good price.,4
2965, August 2018,A fantastic place for a theater-goer!,"This hotel is a steal for those looking for a convenient place to stay when seeing shows. It’s smack in the middle of the Theater District and you can see marquees from your room. It’s pretty clean, very chic, and always bustling, which might be the challenge. There are so many people in this area all the time, so be ready to fight your way through the crowd trying to come in,",4
2966, August 2018,Great location,"Right in heart of theatre district , subway,Times square. Room was small but well appointed and very clean. Will use this hotel again. Very easy checkin on phone before arriving. We even had our room number before we got there. We arrived late morning and checkin time was 4 pm, but I had asked for early checkin and we were in our room before noon.",5
2967, July 2018,Absolutely NO Service,"We stayed there 8 days, room was tiny and dirty. cleaned once after calling them and only towels were changed. NO help with Luggage, we had 10 pieces, but not bell-boy neither the manager were not ready to assist moving outside hotel because of rain.",1
2968, August 2018,Hidden Fees!,"Excellent location. Great teaser rate. Tiny rooms with tiny beds and a sizable charge for a bed ""upgrade."" Lobby crowded and just worn out. What was unacceptable and why I will not stay there again is a hidden $30 per day ""facilities"" fee for such things as phone and TV, and services I never used like the gym. Bull!",2
2969, August 2018,"Standard vs Superior, how can you tell?","Great location, service great, cleanliness great and choices of food in area is unlimited!!! If purchase your reservation online and choose to upgrade, how can you tell the difference between superior vs standard.",3
2970, July 2018,Bad stay,We stayed 4 nights in a tiny modest old and not clean hotel. The hotel looks and feels like a train station- people coming and going all day. The lobby is noisy.the staff at the reception are not welcoming and nice. ( how can they with so many people) The room itself doesn’t give a feeling of a hotel room..on top of all i found a bug in the room. Complaining to the manager hasn’t helped The bar is nice. Good coffee .,1
2971, August 2018,Standard room should be labelled crappy room.,Super noisy room from outside AC unit. Toenail clippings on toilet. Overpriced breakfast. Horrible internet connection. Great location. This survey is redundant and requires me to expound on my crappy experience for 200 words.,1
2972, July 2018,"Welcoming, clean, & comfortable","All staff were friendly and helpful, from front desk personnel to housekeeping and luggage check. Everyone made us feel welcome and comfortable—well done! Our room was exceptionally clean and the breakfast package was perfect. Was our 1st stay and we look forward to returning.",5
2973, July 2018,Small rooms but exceptional location,"Very small rooms but the location of the Hotel worths. Exceptional location if you want a hotel only for sleeping, also the row hotel is the main stop of the bus that take you to the woodbury premium outlet",4
2974, July 2018,Thanks But NO Thanks,"I don't have time to include all the items that went wrong or were not what I was led to believe. The resort tax is ridiculous. These are for amenities that most quality hotels give you for free. The hallways to my room were littered with dirty laundry carts parked in front of my door. The ice machine was on the other side and created a racket all hours of the night. The bed linens were never changed during my entire stay. And while in the past I have received coupons for a drink or food and rewards ($5 credit for Starbucks, etc.) none were offered. I am posting my complaints on Trip Advisor. I don't plan to revisit ROW even though I go to NYC at least 3 times a year and stay from 3-5 days each visit. Adios, ROW!",2
2975, July 2018,Value and great location,Caesar at check in was quick friendly and helpful. Brisbane the bellman was amazing and friendly and efficient. The location of this hotel was amazing...in the middle of everything. I recommend it for that reason alone. Handicap accessible rooms are much larger than the other rooms which looked insanely small.,4
2976, August 2018,God awful,Stay away. First three floors are displaced homeless people. Their kids are all over the place. The floors smell like curry in a hurry and other. All carpeted with dirty and not kept carpet. Not vacuumed in god knows how long. Room smelled. They changed it upon request to a less smelly room. A guest told me that in the morning the halls are lined with garbage from take out food and beverages. The staff is trying but you can’t shine poop. Just stay away. YMCA is probably better.,1
2977, July 2018,Sad and awkward,"Awkward facilities, restrooms for the lounge and food court require room key or code, and the guy at the elevator lobby nagging people to show a room key certainly didn't make me feel safe or welcome. The room was shabby and poorly maintained. The bathroom had nowhere to hang towels, and not even a soap dish in the shower, The air conditioner was loud, but at least it drowned out the noise of other rooms and the street. The bed had the worst mattress I've ever seen.",2
2978, July 2018,Great hotel,Room was very clean and bed was comfortable.Everyone was very courteous and professional. Was able to drop off my luggage early morning the day we were checking in and on the day of checkout w/o issues.,5
2979, July 2018,Row hotel,"Love this property and it location. Check -in staff is on point. I know them and they know me by name do to my frequent travels. Rooms are clean, security does a great job as well. Love the bar area as well",5
2980, July 2018,Amazing stay,"Was looking for the little escape from routine and mini-vacation. The location of the hotel is great, right by the Times Square. It has a food court that provides wonderful options for breakfast and quick bites if you are more sightseeing oriented and always run everywhere. The hotel staff was nice and friendly, specifically the gentleman who helped me out even when only 4-5 minutes of his shift left, greatly appreciated. Housekeeping did an excellent job. When i was checking out, couple minutes late, trying to close my suitcase, the housekeeping lady was patiently waiting for me outside :D Perfect hotel for those who want to be in comfort and feel welcomed when coming back tired from the busy day and having everything around you while on the trip.",5
2981, August 2018,Stay away,smallest elevator in the world. have to pay $20 for extra hour for late check out. shower curtain in the bathroom is way too short which means everything gets wet. room keys fail to work 80% of the time. did i mention there were two cockroaches in the bedroom leisurely walking by the window and by the floor?,1
2982, July 2018,Average hotel,Average hotel. A bit pricey for the hotel. Door men were lacking. Room was not overly clean. We had to ask for washclothes everyday. You couldn’t get guest services To even answer the phone. Front desk rude,3
2983, July 2018,"Insult with a $30 (plus tax) ""Facilities Fee""","In a previous review I referred to a room fit for ""Cousin It"" from the Adams Family TV show because it was so small. Well, I found one even smaller at ROW NYC Hotel. It measured 11 feet, by 8 feet. No lie!!! (Room 2626). This particular property has incredibly slick advertising and pictures on its website that have no basis in reality what-so-ever. ROW NYC is a tired under-maintained property that is a wonderful revenue generator for its owners. The Facilities Fee is poorly disclosed at best, and because it's in NYC, you pay additional tax on it, so it's really $34.32. And this fee represented a 23.6% premium on the room charge I was quoted. This is meaningful, as we say in business. Now what this Facility Fee got me is still a mystery. Collapsible branded water",1
2984, July 2018,Good stay,"Great location. And good room for sleep. Good price compare to others in the area.will stay again no problem.close to any train stations and buses too. Cabs, food,times square, broadway. Love the area.",5
2985, July 2018,Close to time square,Staff was helpful on showing you directions and you get a discount on parking. The bed was small and they insisted it was a queen. ?! It was also uncomfortable. You are close enough to time square but you do not hear the noise from the 23rd floor.,3
2986, July 2018,A Pleasant Surprise,"My sister and I went into the city for a 4-day/3-night stay. We stayed at the ROW on 8th Avenue. Even though it was an old hotel and the rooms a bit small, it was redone in a very tasteful way. They guy at the front desk offered us 2 choices--one room was a standard, but a bit small--even though it was beautifully decorated. The other room, according to him was bigger; but, had no view because of the AC unit. We chose the bigger room, which was very nicely done. Everything was upgraded, from the lamps to the bathroom. Also, they provided us with a refrigerator upon request. I liked how they had the murals artfully done on different doors and walls. And, even in the room, the murals were very tastefully done with pictures of everyday life in NYC. Within the hotel was a",5
2987, July 2018,Eh just okay,"Service was less than great... wasn’t able to check in until around 6:30pm, front desk couldn’t be bothered to even attempt to get me an early check-in. Rooms seemed rundown and cheap. Charged an extra fee that was not listed when I booked through hotel.com. Sneaky way to misrepresent a lower price. Surprise $60 charge was less than ideal. Bottom line is I would not stay here again.",3
2988, July 2018,Overall a great place to stay in a prime location.,"For the price we received (booking.com) you can't beat it! Great location, nice staff, rooms were clean, bed was comfortable, for us it was a great stay with zero complaints. I'd definitely stay here again if the need arrises and would definitely recommend to others as well.",5
2989, June 2018,Ideal location,"I found the room which was a twin very small compared with other rooms I have had in USA, and there is no fridge which was a shame. The location however if great, 5 minutes walk from Times Square. Bathroom needs updating but was functional, the air conditioning worked well. We checked in pretty quickly and had to pay a resort fee of approx £20 per night. The hotel has free WiFi. Certainly not luxury but we didn’t spend a great deal of time in the room.",3
2990, July 2018,No idea how this place got such high ratings!,"On checking in I requested a ‘quieter’ room if available. The room was tucked away in a corner away from other guest noise but whatever it was next too sounded as though I had a train coming through all night long. I got no sleep, then found I was starting my day with a cold shower (NO hot water) and a hairdryer that didn’t work. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Sadly this is the first time other Trip Advisor reviews have let me down in helping to make a choice.",1
2991, July 2018,Vacation trip,Nice location the place to be Good service clean good value for New York City very nice room Not to noisy if you have the chance to stay up to floor 12 One block from time square A large choice of restaurant in the neighborhood,4
2992, July 2018,Terrible seriously read this,Clean the rooms go check behind the bed and the wall in room 2634 dust balls old hair old gum inches of dust literally and maybe renovate it there is no space to walk in the rooms and improve the elevators they are the worst things about your hotel. Waited 5 min just to get to the lobby. The room i paid for and saw pics of wasnt what i got how sad is that and front desk said i had the right room. Bathroom way too small and smelt horrible old sewer smell hairs were in the tub when we arrived my girlfriend was disgusted by the whole room. We ended up not wanted room cleaning because we new it would just be a bed made and new towels. the bellman didnt even help me with my bags he just flirted with every woman walking by. Good location everything else ruins the hotel stagf isnt the,1
2993, July 2018,Very decent,Clean spacious room with friendly staff and in a great location if you plan to go see some broadway shows - also really close to restaurant row. I was only slightly disappointed there was no re-usable cups (only plastic.. which isn't great environmentally speaking) or hot water facilities - also shower took 10 minutes to get warm.,4
2994, July 2018,Milford Plaza reimagined,"Standard rooms are extremely small and upgrades have to be paid for. However...if all you need is a place to sleep and rest, this property is a very good choice!! Clean, convenient and modern. Conveniently located in the heart of the city with Broadway and night life at your fingertips. Be aware that the bathrooms are a real squeeze....especially the toilet area!!",4
2995, July 2018,Have stayed since the sixties,"Been staying at the Row since it was the Manhattan hotel. Built in 1928 it has stayed current with remodels and remains my favorite hotel. Location, staff and cleanliness. It’s a bargain. The proximity to Times Square is so convenient",5
2996, July 2018,"Great location, however a few improvements and suggestions could enhance its service","Row NYC is located in the heart close to Times Square and all the public transport hubs of Port Authority, Penn Station and in close proximity or walking distances to most attractions. The hotel reception is not your conventional type reception. Very quirky but staff were pleasant and helpful. The rooms are clean and the housekeeping staff are an asset to the establishment as the rooms are well maintained. There is no fridge or tea/coffee facilities in the room. You are given a plastic type sort container which you can avail yourself of water refills at the many stations situated within the complex's floors. Wifi connection was great. Rooms and bathrooms are very tiny but I expect being a major tourist hub, it's common. The gym is adequate, with towels and a water station",4
2997, July 2018,Great location - Great Price,If you are going to see a lot of Broadway shows - you can NOT beat this location. It is literally in the heart of the theater district. You can walk to all the major shows in a matter of minutes. The price is excellent too. The rooms are small - but very quiet - excellent for sleeping! AC works great too.,5
2998, July 2018,ROW NYC is a great place to stay.,"We had a great 6 day stay at this hotel. The location is great for all of the Times Square and Central Park activity. The room was large by NYC standards. The food court is a nice touch, and the option for breakfast with your stay helped was nice. Security at the elevator bank in the evening was nice. I will stay here again.",5
2999, July 2018,Good hotel close to time square,"This hotel is at 1 block of time square so the location is excellent, my room was quite calm (we cannot heard the noise of time square from the room) so it was an hotel with a good price quality ratio. The room is not so large (~20 m²) but for 2 people with 2 luggages it is ok.",4
3000, July 2018,Daughter's Birthday,"Would stay at the ROW again, but will make sure to ask questions about what their rates will be per night and will they change if I have to change my original reservation. It served our purpose and was in the right location for our excursions.",4
3001, July 2018,the lie,"They charged me a lot more than agreed with booking without giving me explanations and without me knowing, I felt cheated. When I arrived they did not have my room, they did not offer me to keep my bags or just wait three hours for me to have the room ready or give me another one, I was not going to imagine that they would put me in a dirty room that looked out onto a patio a giant turbine. Then I went to complain because the noise of the turbine was impossible not slept all night and they happened to put me in a room with better views but in front of the ice machine, which was heard as they used at night, I do not understand what walls they have so that everything is heard. It took more than 15 minutes to get on the elevator to get to the room, waiting queue to access the",1
3002, July 2018,"Basic tourist hotel, there are better.","My wife got a groupon for this hotel, but you get what you pay for. I wouldn't recommend staying here if you can afford a step up. The hotel is trying to be a modern, hip hotel with nice bar, but once you get in the elevator it's 1972 and the hotel is called Milford Plaza. The rooms are small, but average for NYC. The amenities are pretty good. The bed we had was in need of a replacement. The windows are single pane, every dump truck, siren, motorcycle, bus, drunk, who is within 100 feet of the hotel can be heard....all...night....long. But for those who get cheap rooms, you should run if the number is X11 X10 X09 as they are next to the ice machine that can be heard very, very well in the room. This is a major annoyance as our night we heard people get 2-3 pounds",2
3003, July 2018,Great!,"We leave the airport and we arrive by subway. The hotel is very well located in the 8th Avenue, near from the bus station Port Authotity. The room was simple and good. Junior and Yara were excellent, very helpful and friendly! Always willing to help with anything.",5
3004, July 2018,Old Hotel,"Old Hotel This hotel needs serious renovations. Carpets, elevator system, phones, TV’s, windows, rooms way to small for two small people let alone average people, bathrooms need face lift, coffee makers would be nice, water and ice on different floors so a 30 minute trip was required for drinkable water because of elevator system. Only positive was location. So if you don’t require sleep in a relatively quiet room with a bed big enough for two (seriously not enough floor space for one person to sleep on) don’t bring more than one suitcase as there is no room to put it anywhere. By far the smallest hotel room I have ever seen .",2
3005, July 2018,Row,"Great location near Time square walking distance. The Row had Food and bar on-site happy hour ended at 8PM. The rooms were quiet and The Channels were a good selection. I didn't use the gym or internet, but I think they would have been good too.",3
3006, July 2018,Average hotel,We have been for 8 nights staying at the hotel. The wheelchair accessibility was really ok. The ada rooms are small but accessible. In general the hotel is not great. We had room on 25th floor and the noise from the street was crazy. The air conditioner was too noisy. The waiting for the elevator was disturbing.,2
3007, July 2018,Terrible choice,"The best thing about this hotel is that it is located near Broadway and Time Square. That’s really where the positives end. The rooms were very small (even by NY standard) and equally as dirty. There was peeling paint, dislodged baseboards, and dust everywhere... even on the TV remote. The carpet looked as if it hadn’t been cleaned or vacuumed in years. The average wait for an elevator is about 15 minutes and the wait to check in was twice that even though we arrived during a slow period. The hotel charges a daily “resort fee” for parking and WiFi even if you aren’t parking a vehicle. The WiFi is spotty, at best. I’ve been to NYC dozens of times and this was by far the worst hotel I’ve booked.",2
3008, July 2018,Location and un-Cleanliness,"For the location I got the bang for my buck here at the Row Hotel. For the service from the staff, this place was impeccable. However, the room size and the uncleanliness of the guest room was very disappointing. I would stay there again but only if they could guarantee that I wouldn't have to be afraid to take my shoes off.",2
3009, July 2018,Average hotel,"Really basic - nothing great about this hotel. Room just barely clean very noisy (its new york yes, but the insolation is really poor)... service charge expensive, so yes the romm is cheaper than othe rhotel, but when you had the 35usd service its not worth it",3
3010, July 2018,Amazing!,"This hotel was fantastic, made it super easy and were super accommodating! I would for sure stay here again, and maybe even for longer! From the moment I walked in, to the super easy check out process! Great!!",5
3011, July 2018,Great location for a 3 star experience,"ROW NYC is perfectly located to take in the theatre and shows, and is close enough to Times Square for those who desire that experience. But with the exception of the lobby, the building is dark, dank and dated. The windows are not sound-proof, so the noise from 8th as well as 44th and 45th waft up and permeate even the most upper floors. There were consistent foul smells particularly within the general hall areas. It would benefit from a serious upgrade and facelift. The staff is pleasant but not polished.",2
3012, July 2018,Could have done better,"Was there for only one night when airline cancelled my flight. Stayed in nicer hotels in the same price range earlier in the trip. Poor service at check in, understaffed front desk. Elevator system is confusing. Do help available to get my bags to the room.",3
3013, July 2018,"Prime location for theater, Times Square and all of the action!","This hotel was easily accessible-just steps away from our subway stop! Due to availability we were able to check in and head to our spacious room early. The environmentally friendly, collapsible water bottles provided at check in were super handy for the fresh water center on our floor (which kept us hydrated in the summer heat!) Kitchen M, attached to the hotel had a great assortment of grab and go food items, made to order. Delicious! A great place to stay if you want to be steps away from theater and restaurants!",5
3014, July 2018,Nice place,"This is a great hotel for the price. The smart elevators are really fast so we never waited at all, which was nice. Nice little cafe/bar area, and the online check in had our room ready super early. The room was basic but decent and had a nice view, and it’s located really close to broadway. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend.",5
3015, July 2018,First time in NYC.,I felt let down. Did not enjoy the experience in the hotel. The Staff were very good friendly and accommodating. Helped with advice and booking shows. It was the hotel itself that I was not happy with considering I paid over 2000 dollars.,3
3016, July 2018,Enjoyed our stay. Convenient location.,Enjoyed our four night stay with my daughter who was attending a theater camp. Hotel was in convenient location in time square close to broadway and in time square. Bed was very comfortable. Rooms were small but clean and updated. Great cafe in hotel with lots of quick food choices. Many great restaurants close by. I would return again!,4
3017, July 2018,Modern and chic,Great location in the middle of everything. Modern and very clean room. Bar/lounge was chic and comfortable. Great atmosphere and friendly and helpful staff. Will definitely consider ROW NYC on my next trip to the city.,5
3018, July 2018,Disgusting Hostel,"I don’t leave a lot of reviews even though I travel frequently. But I felt the need to write this after witnessing first hand how horrible this place is. My daughter and I planned a trip to NYC. I selected a hotel and so did she. After we checked out of the first hotel we checked into the hotel she selected which unfortunately was The Row NYC. I tried to be positive after reading the reviews. The negative reviews do not lie. How this place gets away with charging people so much money for a dump I don’t know. First, Upon entering our room we noticed a long piece of metal just laying around. It looked like it had broken off from their cheap dresser. Major safety hazard. If you would have little ones they would have cut themselves on this sharp piece of metal. Second, a pubic hair",1
3019, July 2018,ROW NYC is crowded,"Even superior room is small, too noisy from surroundings, not clear floors and elevators. Hot water and ice machine are separately on even and odd floors, walk a lot distance. Sound insulation between rooms are bad. Rooms are terribly tightly compact.",2
3020, July 2018,Okay but not great!,"I stayed 1 night at the Row hotel and the price was reasonable for the location. The room was clean, functional but very tiny. The elevator system was horrible. It took me about 20-25 minutes to reach the room. Overall, the experience was okay but not great!",3
3021, July 2018,Great value and location,"Very friendly and helpful staff, from check-in to check-out and luggage storage on our last day. There was a little mix up in the type of rooms we wanted, and the woman who checked us in quickly arranged for the room we had requested and also called someone right then to ask them to look into the reservation system that allowed the error. That took all of 2 minutes to fix, not a problem at all! Rooms were clean, beds were comfortable, size was just fine, bathrooms were clean with lots of hot water and good water pressure. We were looking for a a nice place to sleep, not a luxury room to hang out in. We didn't come to NYC to hang out in the hotel room! We were on the 25th floor and the room was quiet both from outside noise and within the hotel. The location is wonderful, with a",5
3022, July 2018,Trip to New York,"The location is ideal, three blocks from Time Square and across the street from the subway. Five minute walk to the theater, bowling and Juniors Restaurant. The hotel has several restaurants inside, they serve good breakfast and donuts, also great view while you eat. I would definitely stay at this location again. It is on 8th ave. between 43rd and 44th st.",5
3023, July 2018,Cheap for a reason. But not an awful option.,"This place is a good price for it's location. If you just want a place to stay for cheaper and you're not too picky I would stay here. But, if you are picky about certain things like, amenities, space, and over the top cleanliness do not stay here. The staff was all very nice, aside from 2 concierge's who were pretty rude. The elevator situation is awful. The building is so old that it seems they just cant clean it well, like our bathroom had black stuff (not mold) in all the corners, and the carpet is gross. There are no fridge's in the tiny rooms. The WIFI is actually great, that is a plus. I was there for six days and it was bareable, but is not luxury by any means.",3
3024, July 2018,Excelent location,"Good relation between cost and benefit. Very small room to accomodate four persons, but an excelent location, near subway station and atractions such as Times Square, Central Park and Broadway Theatres.",4
3025, July 2018,Excellent option to stay in NY,"Excellent option to stay in NY... close of everything, very good service, comfortable and clean rooms, good breakfast... is ubicated in the heart of Manhattan... In my personal opinion one of the best!!!",5
3026, July 2018,Don’t stay here ! Disgusting,"Booked a room online thinking the pictures showed a nice room . Well it’s not , room is disgusting and all the other amenities they boast about our dingy . Staff is sketchy , cleanliness isn’t a word here . I immediately payed for a night but left as soon as I saw my room . Save your money don’t goooo. It’s nasty don’t go ! I repeat don’t go !",1
3027, July 2018,A night at the NYC's Row,The staff was helpful; the room ice and tidy. The hotel room could have been $50 less expensive: that would make up for what is a nice stay but not at $300. I found the concierge service to be totally up to par.,4
3028, July 2018,"Central, nicely furnished but noise","Room quite small as always in NY . Nearby Times Square in a perfect location to walk around midtown. Biggest issue is the noise from outside but expecially from the fan. During the night I had to turn it off. Haven't understood why I had to pay 30$ extra over the bill for ""facilities "".",3
3029, July 2018,Vacation,This hotel is a great location in Times Square. It is very convenient to most tourist attractions. The staff was very helpful in getting us to the location for a subway. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York.,5
3030, July 2018,Depends on what you’re in for,"I went to nyc for business as I typically do. row nyc was a better option for the area I was working in. The rooms were smaller than usual and the hotel lobby was a little worn. I think there are many other BETTER options in nyc for the price point (around $250/night) for July. Everything together, my opinion is 3 stars. Staff was mostly friendly (concierge guys was standoffish)- room- though small- was clean. I did have a nicer view than typical. Give it a try if you need to be in the area.",3
3031, July 2018,Outstanding service and great value,"I've stayed at ROW NYC many times - terrific location, helpful and friendly staff. Solid value and great for business travel. Very comfortable and spacious rooms. Easy access to public transportation.",5
3032, July 2018,Great place but the elevators need work!!!,"Great location, good deal on room and parking, elevators were BAD! Only 2 elevators for floors greater then 13. Wait time VERY long! 3 times we were taken to the service elevator by staff. Staff was very helpful.",4
3033, August 2017,Amazing hotel,"That's a great hotel to visit when you visit the big apple, aka New York City. It's location is just a few blocks from the famous Times Square and it's a great place to stay. Totally recommended of course.",5
3034, July 2018,Do your homework,Be careful of what they give you for a room very small room. Location is great Room was next to the elevator shaft so the noise was horrible. I got screwed because I chose the online internet price The hotel staff didn't care this room 1532 should never be given out. I contacted the mgr. he never called me back. I had to call 3 times to get extra pillows No one at the hotel cares about customer service,2
3035, July 2018,Worth a stay!,"The hotel is in easy access to the town centre and is quite easy to find, upon arrival there was a nice warm welcome, and the rooms are very well laid out, everything you need to hand, most impressive was the little fridge with complimentary bottled water and a safe! The only criticism about this hotel would maybe only be the maybe the decor could be a little brighter but that would be a minor issue, other than that an excellent stay, and also the food served was 100% for presentation and taste! Would recommend a try.",5
3036, July 2018,I love ROW NYC HOTEL,"I come to NY several time per year. i love to stay at the Row NYC hotel: very convenient to Times Square, clean room, friendly staff. The food court offer a great variety of good food at convenient prices. Nothing elese to write: just an excellent hotel where to stay.",5
3037, July 2018,"Great location, decent room","ROOM 1637 We booked this room on Hotwire so we weren't sure what to expect. Pros: -We were thrilled with the location, right in the heart of Times Square! -Fast/early check in -Comfortable, clean room -Trendy cafe/bar onsite -Valet parking was around $70 and a parking garage down the block was half the price. We liked having this option. Cons: -The elevators! What a wonky/weird system! You have to type in the floor your room is on then it will quickly flash which of the 8 tiny elevators to take. It took us a while to figure this out! Once you're in the elevator there are no buttons or options to choose your floor. Also, they're so small that we had to wait at least 3 trips until one came that we could fit on. -Gloomy/dark-lit hallways -Tiny rooms. Yes they had",3
3038, July 2018,"Overall decent stay,","Close to times square and Hotel staff were great.Rooms were clean and only wishes that sheets would be changed everyday (Every 2nd or 3rd day), Had to leave a daily tip to change sheets. Please increase lighting in floor lobby and repair or modernize elevators.",4
3039, July 2018,Mixed Review,Great location near Times Square and many restaurants. Concierges were phenomenal at finding places to accommodate a variety of dietary restrictions. Unfortunately we booked a suite for four. There was one bed which we knew but the sofa was worn and did not fold out for sleeping. Requested extra bedding was never delivered by housekeeping. Others had this issue as well.,3
3040, March 2018,Interesting Hotel with a great location,Hotel seems to be renovated not too long ago and everything is in decent shape. The room was a bit tight but since I'm the only one staying in the room its more than adequate. There is also a water machine about 30steps from my room where I can fill up my bottle before I go out every morning which saved a lot of plastic bottles. There is no restaurant at the hotel but the food court connected to the lobby was fantastic and have the famous Luke's lobster so you won't have to go out hunting for it. The hotel is conveniently located to subway and a ton of restaurants near by. The room was surprisingly quite for its location as well which was a pleasant surprise. Staff were helpful and quick upon check in as well.,4
3041, July 2018,Easy,"We came back to this hotel because they made visiting NYC so easy for us the first time. The location is central, easy to find from the Lincoln Tunnel, and 24 hour valet parking. Decor is hip, free breakfast, packages affordable. Extremely soft bed and hot water. Used the printer for comedy show tickets and tried the SMILE animated gif machine in the lobby. We will be back next time.",5
3042, November 2017,Clean and great location,"The room was small as I would assume all are in NYC. It was really clean and comfortable. It was a very modern theme, black and white which made it feel fresh and airy. It is a great location to everything we wanted to do. The staff was great!",5
3043, June 2018,Weekend in NYC,"My daughter and I loved the location, design theme of the hallways and room, clean and comfortable room, and we had a great view too! The staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed eating at the attached foodcourt style restaurant.",5
3044, July 2018,Meeting friends from out of town,Absolutely wonderful Hotel!!!! The staff are warm and helpful and the location couldn't be more perfect for getting around the city!! The complimentary glasses of wine were a terrific surprise!! Will definitely stay here again.,5
3045, July 2018,Location...location...location...,"Stayed here for the first time recently and was very happy with it. The beds were incredibly comfortable although the lack of shelf space in the bathroom and the dimness of the hallways was a little disconcerting. However, the friendliness of the staff and the incredibly convenient location to the theater district and Times Square more than made up for those minor shortcomings. Will absolutely stay here again.",5
3046, July 2018,Vacation,It was a nice cozy room with a great view. I would definitely come back and stay. Me and my fiance had a little issue with the key card but was resolved. Drinks was a little pricey but was Made well. A over all,5
3047, July 2018,"Shabby Chic? No, just Shabby!","This was not a good experience for me. The elevators were falling apart aesthetically inside a few of them. There is not a safety card swipe feature in the elevators. The carpet is dirty in the hallways, and the doors are not very tight in their frame. Light and sound easily seep through. Inside the room aesthetic features were falling apart.",1
3048, July 2018,Great location very welcoming,"Perfect place to stay if you want to walk and enjoy New York. Our room was perfect, hospitality was great and we were very satisfied with the cleanliness of our room. Front desk was funny and helpful, maid service was outstanding and the breakfast service was quick.",5
3049, June 2018,Great location,"Nice hotel with great location. Only few minutes away from Times Square and bus station. A lot of good restaurants around. The rooms were very small, they are offering complementary hot and cold water in every floor which is very nice gesture. The staff were very nice. I forgot my back bag when I was checking out and I called them and they store it to me and I took it back on my next visit to the hotel. Overall I enjoyed my stay there.",3
3050, July 2018,"Location, Location, Location","Great location compensate for a hectic, hussled and crowded hotel, with small rooms, insufficient elevators (althogh there are 8 lifts, 4 up to the 15th floor and 4 from there up), sometimes you have to wait over 10 minutes for alift to go down. No breakfast, bit on the 1st floor there's a food court with all you need, including a cafe with very good coffee (separated from the food court). The roons are small, so if you get a chance to upgrade- go for it. There's no minibar in the room, no coffee or tea corner, no complimentary water bottles, but there is a sfe deposit box. Even in the upgraded room, there wasn't enough space tp open two suitcases. I sent a shirt for laundry on a Thirsday morning, and got it back only on Saturday afternoon. A lot to improve, but as I started",3
3051, July 2018,ROW Review,"Went to this hotel for a NY Couples weekend. Terrific location right neat time square. Was able to walk to shows, shopping restaurants & Bars. A quick walk to subway led us to a terrific Yankees / Mets Subway series game",5
3052, July 2018,Looks can be deceiving but not all that terrible,"This hotel was referred to us. Website looked promising. Arriving to location and impressions were positive. There will be solicitors bombarding you as you walk up to hotel doors. Check in was not out of the norm for waiting. Lady at concierge was anything but hospitable and I’d go as far as saying she was rude. Elevators were different and we should have been given a heads up how to work them. The hallway to room was very dark and decor/flooring very ugly/dated. The room was ready to our surprise when we checked into hotel around noon. Door to room was what one would find in an old building that retained fixtures without thoroughly stripping them and cleaning them up before repainting them. The size of room was cute, views amazing (23rd floor corner room) the furniture size",3
3053, July 2018,The ROW NYC was AVERAGE,I rented the PREMIUM ROOM with a VIEW...expecting to have just that...unfortunately my view was the back of another building. I was put on floor 17 but that did not help. Don't even think about calling to ask for assistance with anything because the hostess is very rude and when asked she will say its all on the back of your door or they should have told you all of that when you checked in. Another downfall is that you have to park in a deck around the corner and walk to the motel as they do not have parking. The room was average. It had a,3
3054, July 2018,Wouldn't recommend,This hotel is just average - for the money you pay you can stay in much nicer places in NYC. There are only 4 lifts to all the floors which take an absolute age when trying to get up or down to/from your room - everyone was complaining about them when we were there. Also in my dad's room there were hairs in the bath when we checked in which is really off-putting. The air-con unit was really noisy / there is a lot of noise from surrounding buildings and all the hotel room doors slam shut. The rooms themselves aren't bad in terms of design/layout and it's in a good location but I wouldn't go back to this hotel for the reasons mentioned above.,3
3055, July 2018,They dont give back your us 100 deposit,Always a looooooong queue to check in or out!!! How come they dont give back our deposit! Just for the services. Never has a thing like this happened to me. They need to hire more staff to deal with check ins. Staff do all they can but it is impossible for them to handle all guests at the time!,1
3056, July 2018,"Great location, horrible beds, no mini fridge, found a dirty towel and hairs in the tub upon arrival.","Great location, horrible beds, no mini fridge, found a dirty towel and hairs in the tub upon arrival. Did i mention horrible beds? Staff was friendly, lots of hidden room charges and fees. Pillows were rediculously soft that you were forced to try and fold them in the oddest shapes desperately hoping for support. Did i mention the beds??!!",3
3057, July 2018,Won't be back,"- WiFi was spotty (kept cutting in and out every 15 minutes which wasn't ideal when I was trying to work) - Walls were thin - I could hear everything going on in the hallway, all the doors that were slammed all the voices at all hours of the night - It smelled (public areas reeked of B.O. and/or sewage. Literally every time I stepped into the elevator or the lobby or wherever, it smelled like someone had rubbed their entire sweaty body all over the walls) - Rooms were really small with no space for a desk - again not ideal for working. - The gym was decent but was pretty hot and humid. - They tack on a $30 resort fee on a per day basis which I'm sure is in small print somewhere but would've been nice for someone to overtly point out. Let's try not to trick your guests maybe. -",3
3058, July 2018,About The Row NYC,"Upon arriving we were made very welcome, the hotel was full and we had to leave our bags in the closet because the room would be cleared only at 4pm. Had one day in our stay in which the bathroom trash was not collected but the cleaning of the room was made every day. The most critical problem is the elevators that take a long time to get up to the rooms or to get down, and with that there are huge queues waiting for the elevators. As we are frequent guests, we were happy with this new stay at the hotel.",4
3059, July 2018,Great location!,"Pros: Location great, staff nice, cleanliness good, restaurant yummy, view from room amazing, discounted parking. Cons: no one answers phone when you call the number online, parking isn't at hotel it's a block away, the elevators are done weird (wait time is awful even though there's 8 of them), it's a historic building that smells historic, bathrooms super small (no joke), no fridge in room. Got a cheaper rate on booking.com",4
3060, July 2018,Great Hotel in the Middle of Everything,Great hotel only a block or so from Time Square. Only complaint was check in. We prechecked online and were given a registration # and told to go to the kiosk to retrieve our keys. Unfortunately we could not find it nor could the doorman. We ended up waiting in line for more than a half an hour,4
3061, July 2018,Great location and fine small room hotel,"The location of the Row NYC is just perfect for exploring the vibrant, bright light side of New York. It’s very central in Times Square, so the energy is great. Very close to the most popular Broadway theatres and very close to the subway for travelling all around Manhattan (and other parts of New York if you like). The hotel has a bar/restaurant and also the City Kitchen which is a collection of excellent small vendors selling meals and drinks. The hotel itself is very average, rooms are small and service is adequate (not great). But it’s fine. Enjoy New York from a good spot paying ok rates from an ok hotel.",3
3062, July 2018,Unimpressed,"Spent 8 nights at The Row and received no personal service or attention. Elevators were horrible, waiting 10 mins every time. Hotel itself was very noisy, we were on the 20th floor and could hear everything happening in the streets and every person walking down the hallways. AC units in the room were loud and we had random flashing lights inside our room that always woke me up in the middle of the night. Never could figure out what they were for. Food options at City Kitchen were adequate but continental breakfast at hotel was not worth the price. Location is good for theater and garmet district but being so close to time square was not for me. Streets outside of the hotel were always crowded. Convenient to 42nd street train access on the E A and C train.",2
3063, June 2018,Terrible Service,"The hotel is well situated in NYC's attraction, but that's it. Stayed there for more than 2 weeks but the room was never fully cleaned even if we requested so several times. The housekeeping staff (Spanish-speaking) does not lift a finger without asking for a ""tex"", which I assume means a tip since she flashed the finger sign of money, that's the time she cleans the room just the parts that can be seen, and replaces the toilet suppies. We even have to help her empty the bins so she will not leave them still with thrash. Also, the hotel is quite old from wear and tear, with the eerie feel of the elevator, and the Front Office staff are nnot that friendly...but I guess it's just the way of New York - and the hotel's not cheap, by the way.",1
3064, July 2018,Turning 12 trip,"Good experience for my daughter’s first time in NYC. Gave her that hip city vibe and didn’t break mom’s bank. Convenient valet parking at the door was why we chose this hotel. Also, it was close to the Theater and just a skip to Times Square and the subway.",4
3065, July 2018,Good but get a longer shower curtain.,It is so convenient to Theater. Very clean. I was only in town a short time so I can’t really let you know how a long stay would be. I wish my room had a tub. I can’t seem to get past the short shower curtain. The water was always all over the floor after my shower.,4
3066, July 2018,Mother Daughter shopping trip,"My daughter and I had an awesome mother and daughter shopping trip to New York, the hotel was completely modern and we had Spectacular views in room 2110, everyone of the employees had smiles on their faces and it’s right there in Times Square! We loved it!",5
3067, July 2018,Excelent experience! Highly recommended.,This is an excellent option for a great experience in NYC. The location is everything. You are in the center of the most interesting city and yet you feel safeguarded and confortable. The attention and service of the employees is A1. This is definitely the place to go in your next visit to New York.,5
3068, July 2018,Great Location Good Price,"This hotel is close to everything theatre and times square related. Super friendly check in staff. Staff at District M bar was also extremely friendly and accommodating. The elevators are floor staggered and computer controlled which I found to be very efficient. Rooms are nice, clean but not luxurious. Bathroom was a bit small, but totally functional for my needs. Little street noisy at night on the 8th avenue side of the building. Didn't care for the City Kitchen attached to the building. Expensive and not great food IMO. Walk a block down to EuroPan for a better breakfast experience.",4
3069, July 2018,stay elsewhere this is not worth your money,"Spend your money elsewhere this place is not worth it. lifts, baggage handler, etc were terrible. The premises was old, smelly, unorganised and basically they have a lot of room for improvement. Some staff were nice but thats about it.",1
3070, July 2018,Amazing hotel!,"The hotel checkin was phenomenal thanks to Yanelly who was beyond helpful and so very professional and sweet. The location is great, walking distance to Times Square. Our room was super clean. My third time here and always a fantastic stay. Thanks Yanelly for your amazing customer service! Montreal is luckily just a short ride away so will be back soon!",5
3071, July 2018,Honeymoon!,"Fantastic staff, clean rooms, great location. Friendly bar staff too. Elevators are slow but that's what you get in an old, classic, NYC hotel. Walking distance to Central Park, Times Square, Broadway and great food!",5
3072, July 2018,The elevator situation ruins the trip,"The elevator system and its inability to allow guests to select their floor is unreasonable and stressful. Every trip in or out of the hotel requires factoring in extra time to deal with the inferior elevator system. Room quite tiny with beds low to the floor. Bathroom is the size of an RV bathroom. BUT, breakfast was very good and staff is friendly.",2
3073, July 2018,Amazing!,We absolutely loved Mauricio! Our room was immaculate and the staff’s customer service was impeccable! Everyone was amazing and very friendly. We could not have asked for a better experience! Thank you Mauricio and The Row NYC Family!,5
3074, July 2018,Poor Service,"My daughter and I spent 6 nights at this hotel. Our first night we checked in at approximately 9pm and was provided a sub-standard room: dirty carpet, rusty shower head, dirty shower and window curtain, along with a huge dip in the middle of the tub covered by a liner. Due to our hectic schedule we filed a complaint the next night with the Manager on duty, Stephen. We were told they did not have another room to transition to so we came back the following night to switch rooms. What a horrible surprise!! The manager did not have the courtesy to acknowledge us nor apologize for our long wait while he tended to new guests who came in AFTER US!! Now the new room we received at 11:30pm was not cleaned and the housekeeper had not been in! We went back down to complain once again and",2
3075, July 2018,Great location,"Small but nice room, great location, located on 8th and 44th st., walking distance from Times Square. Check out at noon. Surrounded by multiple restaurants and coffee shops including McDonald and Starbucks. Friendly staff, I was given 1 hr checkout extension, free ice. 5 minutes walking from the last bus stop (Bryant Park Times Square) if coming from JFK,. There was $34 hotel fee collected at the hotel, most hotels in NYC has this type fee. Flat fee taxi back to airport if requested by Hotel staff (Approximately $60) at this time.",4
3076, May 2018,Prime location and Nice hotel,"Stayed at this hotel for three nights while visiting New York for the first time. Had a bit of a hard time finding the hotel while walking on the street because the sign is not well placed. But, the hotel location turned out to be great being close to Times Square and the Subway. Also, there are a huge number of restaurants close by giving a vast choice for food. The room was relatively small, but my wife commented that every needed amenity was neatly placed in the room. The hallway lighting could be improved, but the wallpapering deco is quite dramatic. The price was very reasonable for New York and for the location. If you are not planning on spending a lot of time staying in the room, this hotel is a great choice.",5
3077, January 2018,"Location fabulous, rooms basic",If you’re looking a hotel less than 5 mins from Times Square this hotel is perfect for you. Rooms are much smaller than photos suggest but have all the necessities and you’ll probably not spend much time in them. Gym is basic but again welcome addition if you struggle with jet lag or struggle dealing with the time difference. Bar area is very modern and relaxed and a great addition to the hotel after a Day sightseeing or shopping!,4
3078, July 2018,First time trip,I would look around for other hotels. Size of room was a huge issue for me as well as dark and scary hallways. Junior listened to my concerns and did what he could to make my stay with less anxiety. !!,3
3079, July 2018,I'll be coming back!,"Want to be close to all the big theatres and tourist spots, but don't feel like paying the crazy luxury accommodation rates? This is your spot. Nothing extra fancy, just clean rooms, friendly staff, and a great location. Try the food at City Kitchen, you even get a discount at some of the vendors when you show your room key!",5
3080, July 2018,"Fine for one night, not for a longer stay","This hotel is ideal as for transit accommodation, but we were booked into it as part of a package including journeys there and back to the UK on the QM2, plus fireworks on the river for Independence Day, so we were there for 5 nights, which proved too long at this hotel. When we arrived and checked in at 9:10 a.m. we were told that we could not access our room until 4:00 p.m. This when we were still dressed as for the QM2, carrying all our vital documents, and when the temperature outside was nearly 100 degrees, and the humidity unbearable. There were no public areas, except a noisy bar, and we had to go elsewhere for breakfast. The room was adequate, but we were charged $172 extra for WiFi and for use of a machine in the corridor supplying ice and water, which then did not",3
3081, July 2018,Vacation,"Very disappointed with the Row NYC. Beds were not comfortable - saggy mattresses. We needed to wait at least 10 minutes ANYTIME we needed to use the elevators because a couple of them weren’t working. Elevators were very small and could only accommodate around 10 people. Since elevators weren’t working, often it was a longer wait because of the amount of people that had gathered to use them. We could have used a refrigerator in the room. We must have misunderstood that there was one upon booking. Hotel staff was excellent however.",2
3082, July 2018,Quickie In n Out,"Took the LAX red -eye and upon landing headed to Row with the hopes that I could at least find a place to sit, eat, get some wifi and wait for my meeting before checking-in at the standard 3pm. Good news was able to get early check-in and at a fraction of the price of my room! Grabbed 4 hours of amazing snooze time and crushed it at my meeting. Bonus, you are right in the middle of everything NYC! I found the best rate and received first class service. There is a solid mix of people staying at the hotel and it's quite busy, but sukit your in NYC!",5
3083, July 2018,OK Experience with room for improvement,Central location close to everything. Need to make sure access to elevators is only for people staying in the hotel. Having two people checking for card keys may not be enough. Hallways seemed to need an up-keep.,3
3084, July 2018,Great Location,"Great location in Manhatttan. Reasonable rates. Very clean, prompt, friendly service. When I requested an extra pillow, it arrived within minutes. Comfortable bed. Tiny room however, badly located TV. Depressing hallways.",4
3085, July 2018,Disappointed,"This hotel has definitely gone downhill since our last visit a year ago (we have stayed there many times in the past. Lack of elevators to higher floors caused a 10+ minute wait (often). An elevator got stuck for an hour while were were there and the fire department came. The elevators are crammed so full that you almost can't breath because people are so desperate to get in because of the lack of access...There were people smoking in this non smoking hotel next door to us - which we reported 3 times - and nothing was ever done (5 day stay). The housekeeping staff was friendly and easy to work with and we had to work with them often because the shower curtain was a foot too short for the shower so water sprayed all over the floor of the bathroom when using....also, there is a",1
3086, July 2018,ROW,The hotel was convenient and staff was helpful and friendly however the elevators weren't working properly and was extremely time consuming. Because of this it caused several inconveniences for me as a guest.,3
3087, June 2018,Good Times Square hotel,"I stayed in this hotel years ago when it was Milford Plaza, and it's definitely been updated. My room was spacious, though sparse with the amenities. The location is good for Times Square/Broadway, etc. though it's a very busy area. The check-in process took quite a while because the line was long and few staff doing check-ins. There is a self check-in station though I could not get it to work. The prices are reasonable for the area so I can see why it's popular for tourists, though I was on a business trip. Not my favorite hotel but I would stay again.",3
3088, July 2018,Poor Customer Service,"Best thing about this hotel is it’s location. Close to Times Square, Metro, Bus terminal. Rooms are small but I could understand given the value of space in heart of NYC. Price is acceptable as well. What stood out for me was people at front desk. They are like Police Sergeants interrogating you. First thought that I might have come across an odd one, but on couple of subsequent visits at front desk, I noticed all were the same and to everyone. The best of all was perhaps the duty manager. Had a package delivered from store, it took 24 hours to be shipped from store to hotel and another 24 hours to be sent from package room to my room. Repeated calls and no one will pick from Package room, left messages: no use. Talked to front desk & concierge, they would just forward",2
3089, July 2018,I have had better experiences here in the past,I normally love this hotel. I have stayed here many many times over the years (several times a year). The bed mattresses and pillows are very very comfy (although only a double size bed). The location is exceptional. The,3
3090, July 2018,Satisfied Customer,"Nice room. Friendly staff. Centrally located. Not ideal for family of four due to really small room with a really tiny bathroom, but that’s why you get in Times Square. No refrigerator. Overall a great value for downtown Manhattan. Clean room. Great lobby area with bar and attached food court. Perfect for couples or singles who only need to use the room to sleep and want to stay in Times Square area.",4
3091, July 2018,Do Not Stay Here,"Everything looks sort of nice at first, low lighting, cool looking lobby etc. We were the only people in line to check in, 2 people behind the reception desk and no one said a thing until I spoke up. We were told we would have a room with a queen size bed but we were given a room with a full bed. Room was so small there was no place to put our luggage. We called the front desk to ask for a bigger room with a queen size bed and they suggested a room that we could see from the floor map was even smaller! Ice machine broken on our floor and the one above and one above that. Room was only cleaned for one day of our 3 day stay. Closet had 5 hangers for 2 people. Elevator situation is a nightmare. Garbage in the hallways. We will never stay here again.",2
3092, July 2018,Convenient location,"Convenient location for everything - theatre, restaurants, Central Park & transport. This is an old hotel and this must be kept in mind. Dollars don’t go a long way in NYC so it’s hard to review anything further.",3
3093, July 2018,Leaves ALOT to be desired,"So just checked in, apparently, there was a mix up with our booking my older mother thought when she booked a double room it came with two beds. She tried to explain that she saw two beds online and thought double meant two her bad. We went and saw what was an upgraded room with one bed and realized that there was no way me her and my pre-teen son could manage so we asked for a double room I mean a room with 2 beds. Originally we were offered said upgrade for an additional $30 bucks a night now the guy says its $40 when he is called out he says he will honor the discount. Lets just say his attitude leaves a lot to be desired, wait I thought the number one rule in customer service is the customer is always right so sir don't get aggressive over the phone my mother is not a",2
3094, June 2018,Smelly Room,"I stayed in room #915. There was a pervasive and unrelenting smell of mold, or something, coming from what I believe was the bathroom or bedroom carpet. I assume the cause was patched over by new materials. I did not report this during my stay as I did not want to deal with the hassle (I knew I would only be sleeping in this room), however when I entered initially, the bathroom window was open, so the smell was seemingly known about. I found this room through a discount site, but didn't assume that meant a sub par room. The location was prime and the lobby breakfast / bar were a lifesaver, but the smell of the room was pretty terrible. I certainly could and should have switched rooms, but I have never come across such a fowl smelling hotel room.",2
3095, July 2018,Row NYC,Nice hotel comfortable rooms and bed but way to long of a wait for elevators they should have more than 2 going to the higher floors. It always took 5-10 minute wait for one. Front desk and bell men were great!!,4
3096, July 2018,Inconsistent,"Check-in was amazing with a very friendly and welcoming staff member, but things went downhill from there. The room was tiny, but functional (other than the TV which was on a wall you couldn't watch from the bed - which was the only place to sit in the room, because it was so small) and the bathroom was clean, but with terrible water pressure. I then got stuck in an elevator with 7 other people on my first night there for nearly 2 hours, and for the rest of my stay only 2 elevators were working to get to my floor (which resulted in very long waiting times). I received a breakfast voucher as an apology, but when I went to redeem it at a quarter to 12 at the bar, was told that breakfast ended at 11:30 by a very rude staff member, who then ignored me when I told him that the guest",2
3097, July 2018,great location,"this was an awesome hotel for the money. great location and reasonably priced. i stayed with my 21 old daughter for the night and everything was in walking distance. we had a great time. we got the parking package, the valet parked the car for us and we were able to store our bags there before and after checkout. we both would definitely stay there again.",4
3098, July 2018,Rude staff and tiny room,The staff was not very pleasant on multiple encounters throughout the stay. The room was very small (as expected in NYC) but the bathroom door wouldnt open all of the way because it was blocked by the bed. Location and cleanliness were decent.,2
3099, July 2018,Row NYC review,"The location is great, staffs are friendly. But the bathroom is not good. There are some stains on shower head and the toilet. Also the fan is not working in the bathroom. Some plugs in the room are not working too.",3
3100, July 2018,"Dated, Poor Condition",Room furniture and amenities were in poor condition. towels and sheets did not feel clean and comforter was not covered. Disappointed in quality of room based on the images we saw on the website- not representative of true quality,2
3101, July 2018,Good for short term stay,"Would recommend this hotel to someone wanting a short term stay close to the theatre district and times square. Walls are thin, could hear neighbours conversations and television clearly, lots of street noise as well.",3
3102, June 2018,Excellent location,"Huge Hotel, great location, close to Times Square. Metro nearby. Excellent for all those who attach great importance to the location. The check in people were quite professionals and everything went well for all of us (2 adults + 2 children). I'll be back for sure on a next visit to New York.",4
3103, July 2018,Good value. Nothing special.,Elevator security is over the top and not necessary. Horrible smell coming from bathroom pipes - hotel did nothing to correct it. Hotel is cheap so you can’t expect much. Bar and food options are good.,3
3104, July 2018,Awesome thanks to front desk,Honestly was great and clean the staff at the front desk was super nice and polite I think his name was Ceaser. I loved this place it felt like home and if I had any problems I’m sure they would have helped but the whole night was great,5
3105, July 2018,Family Trip NYC 2018,Trip to Broadway and Shania with my family in Summer 2018. Chose this hotel for location but was disappointed with elevator and bathroom issues as well as check in. Maybe an upgraded room would have been more acceptable.,3
3106, July 2018,Is a great location enough?,"We stayed there for 3 days, went to Philadelphia and then returned for 3 more days. Good points: Location - walking distance to theaters , shops and restaurants. Clean Bad points: Very small rooms - only ONE bedside table in a double room. Very small place to put your things away in the room. The hotel does not store your luggage overnight - even returning to the same hotel we had to take all the luggage to Philadelphia. They only store luggage if you arrive before check in time or need to wait for transportation after check out. Staff - not very friendly - we just found one receptionist who was. The male concierge was even worse - barely looked at you and answered everything mechanically and",3
3107, July 2018,Good location amenities not so good,The Row NYC is close to Times Square and therefore easy to get around. We stayed twice in a month. Issues with lifts was consistently an issue and with having 2 of the 4 out of action for floors 18 - 28 it meant 15-20 mins wait. We found the concierge on both visits to be unhelpful.,3
3108, July 2018,Rooms felt more like motel than hotel,"I have never been so disappointed in a hotel stay. From the outside Row NYC looks like a nice hotel but that is definitely not the case. The room I was given after upgrading on hotwire was less than desirable and was not very clean. During my 2 nights at the hotel I did not walk on the carpet with bare feet or shower without sandals. I don't know when these rooms were last updated but the photographer they used should definitely win an award. I wasn't expecting luxury by any means but I expect cleanliness. The condition of the room made me feel like I was sleeping in a motel next to a truck stop. After going to the front desk and asking for a different room I was told that even though I upgraded on hotwire, they usually assign the best rooms to guest that book directly",1
3109, July 2018,Vacation,The Hotel was awesome and Ceaser at the front desk was especially helfull and very kind and welcoming. Because of Him i felt very welcoming from the Start I would definitely recommend this Hotel to my friends and Family.,5
3110, July 2018,BANG AVERAGE,"This Hotel was very average and what I expected of NYC, however the people where very helpful and you felt safe as there were security personnel everywhere, there is also a small food hall attached to this Hotel which was reasonable for what the rest of New York's price was like in that area. It also included a good gym. However the rooms were very small and not much space for two people to cohabit in. But the rooms were very clean; I just assumed it was easy to clean because the room was so small. The best thing about the hotel was the location as we were a 5 min walk from times square and also in walking distance of everything in midtown and also all the tour bus locations were situated in that area.",3
3111, July 2018,Family,"This was my fourth time staying here. A safe, friendly, efficiently run hotel. The staff is helpful, kind and always willing to help. It’s an older hotel but is well maintained and so close to everything.",4
3112, July 2018,Highly Recommanded,"Close to everything, very nice and clean hotel Hotel with a lot a services staff very friendly and helpful Parking available for guest at a good rate you can leave your luggage even after check-out until 10:00 pm and still enjoy the rest of the day in the city",5
3113, July 2018,Mixed,"You could ignore urine smell around the ground lobby and reception - not all the day you spend there, after all. You may also ignore an exotics of backdoor elevator ride while all main are dow. But you can't ignore when being ignored by staff. Cause you are at temporary home. At full cost. And some staff should realise you owe them nothing as a customer. By now, it all looks more like Railway station rather than hotel in that mix.",3
3114, November 2017,Excellent location,"from Glasgow, scotland, UK the first time i arrived it was with friends then came back 2nd, 3rd and fourth time with my mum, perfect location honestly cant say a bad word about it. Around $70 (incl tip) from jfk airport to hotel, although this time we took a transfer bus which we booked via Expedia for around £20 each. Hotel staff were friendly and very helpful. rooms are small but adequate,and got an amazing view, to be honest we were barely in our room as we were out exploring the wonderful city from early morning till late at night. we had breakfast in the hotel and it was nice but preferred to eat out as it was cheaper (mainly at a deli or the food court for breakfast lunch or dinner which is opposite the hotel) if you do go in there for lunch or dinner you need to try",5
3115, July 2018,"Great Location, but poor internet service","Small room but very functional. Good bathroom and shower. My only major complain, was the internet. In you don't need the internet for work, it is a great hotel to stay, but if you need it, forget it.",3
3116, July 2018,Email,I have recently needed to get in touch with The Row NYC prior to my visit early next year. I received a reply very quickly and they have sorted out my problem. I am very impressed with the communication from this hotel. Really looking forward to our visit,4
3117, June 2018,Average,"We booked online and the full price was given then, but they put a $50 hold on our card and took out $34 without telling us what this was for until afterwards. This may be standard practice but we don't usually stay at hotels and it was inconvenient. That being said, the view was nice. We did have to go to another floor to get water, but it wasn't a huge hassle. Mostly the hotel staff wasn't very helpful and I'm saying this as a service worker who knows what kind of pressure people in service jobs are under. I don't want to sound like a b**** and in the end of the day we were in a nice location for a very fair price but there were a few things you might not expect.",4
3118, July 2018,Read before you book please,"I am currently halfway through my stay at The Row and wanted to give a review while everything is fresh in my mind. Rooms are quite small but beds are comfortable enough. Housekeeping needs to do a better job, hair on walls of shower that is for sure not mine or my daughters. First night was given a nice corner king room however the walls here are very thin and we kept hearing a baby crying every hour all night. Had to move rooms and we were going to be moved to a smaller room than what I paid for. We had to repack and drag our luggage downstairs. Told that no room was ready so had to get out of our current room with no new room which seemed unfair since I had paid for this room already. Hours later, when we could get a room they were going to give us a queen when I had paid",4
3119, July 2018,Good location for a good price,"This hotel was formerly known as the Milford Plaza, and was long a favorite of international tourists seeking a Times Square-area hotel at a reasonable price. The Row has been updated in a funky sort of New York way, which you may or may not like. The rooms tend to be quite small, and many have full beds, rather than queen or king-size. That said, the room was clean and adequately equipped, and was fine for our one night stay. Bottom line, it was good value for the money.",3
3120, July 2018,Great location for the price,"Great location, rooms are small and a bit old. Decent if all you need is a place to sleep. Don’t expect great service, the check in process is slow. Decent gym. Overall good value for NYC.....best part and most important is location, walking distance to timesquare, Broadway, Central Park, Empire State, Rockefeller center and shopping.",4
3121, July 2018,Great Value,If you are looking for a basic room in the heart of NYC and are on a budget - I recommend this hotel. The rooms are small but clean. The staff was friendly. This hotel is in the center of Times square - close to subways etc....It is surrounded by much nicer hotels that are more than twice the cost. If you want luxury - then try another hotel. If you want a clean & comfortable place to sleep - this is your place.,3
3122, July 2018,Row NYC Hotel,"We stayed 2 nights at the hotel, towels and shampoo were not changed during the stay. The hotel WIFI is of a reasonable standard, sometimes stuck. We wanted to get a late checkout but the maximum possible is one hour beyond the normal checkout time.",3
3123, June 2018,Excellent Experience. I just booked another reservation for an upcoming trip,"Very good customer service - they helped me work out some kinks in my travel plans. The front desk workers were very friendly as well as the rest of the staff. Housekeeping did knock on my door at 6AM though and I said I didn't need them and they knocked again at 9AM but other than that, things were fine.",5
3124, July 2018,would never return....,"the hotel was very disappointing. whilst located conveniently to Times Square and the play houses etc, the hotel itself was noisy (loud music going at all time in the foyer), the rooms were too small (2 of us in the one room could not have 2 suitcases open at the one time and there was minimal room to move between the bed and walls), the hallways smelt and the bathroom had mould on the walls. The check in wasn't until 4pm - there were many people sitting around waiting to get in - and the check out was at 9am - hardly time at all.... the breakfasts were appalling - OK if you like budget fare including anything fried and unhealthy - but not to my taste - and no opportunity to have anything else unless you wanted donuts. The air conditioner in the room was loud - needed to use ear",1
3125, June 2018,Amazing stay,The hotel is in a prime location of New York City which is a block away from Times Square off of 8th avenue and 44th street. The staff was extremely nice and helpful upon arrival. Our room was clean upon entry and well kept throughout our stay. The bed was comfortable and the shower worked well. There was a TV with tons of channels and great lighting in the room. Plenty of room for our luggage and a view of Times Square to die for. The housekeepers cleaned the room everyday and made sure we had the right supplies. They were also very sweet ladies that were talkative and helpful. There was a very cool setting in the lobby with a hotel lounge/bar to relax. Right next to it was a walkway that took you to City Kitchen where there were about 6-7 places to eat with great food.,5
3126, April 2018,Ok,"If you’re not staying in your room much, then this place will be ok. Great location. Can’t really give this place a great review as the male gentlemen that checked us in was the rudest person to service us anywhere(not just hotels).",2
3127, June 2018,"Hotel good , service strange actitude",The price was different I book on booking. Still pushing to return part of the charges on my credit card. I forgot headphones on my room the checkout day and until 72 hours I didn't have any new. I am going to claim,3
3128, July 2018,Fantastic Trip,"Stayed at Row for my daughter's 14th birthday which included a Broadway Show. Incredible location, fantastic parking, exceptional staff! Couldn't have been a better stay. Will Definitely stay here again next time we visit New York!",5
3129, June 2018,never again,"Avoid this hotel becouse of the price, the noise inside the rooms, they are not very clean and they need being refurbised. Lobby very moder, music, cocktails but the attention of the desk is very bad and despective.",1
3130, July 2018,🎶 Start spreading the news 🎶,"Booked the Row NYC on the recommendation of my daughter who had stayed there previously on an educational trip with school. The hotel with its modern interior is clean and comfortable, we found ourselves sinking into the pillows at the end of each day and enjoyed a great nights sleep. Time Square is just around the corner and many of the other major attractions are within comfortable walking distance. Had always thought that New York was somewhere that I would want to visit just the once, visit once and the city gets under your skin and in your heart, will definitely return to New York and I will definitely be staying at the Row NYC when I do!",5
3131, July 2018,"Cheap place, you get what you pay for.","Only 3 pillows on a full size mattress with no box spring. Bedding was dirty. Also was instructed to check in online and to proceed to kiosk to collect my key. Only problem was the kiosks didn’t exist, you get to wait in line of 30 people after all.",2
3132, July 2018,Convenient & Budget Friendly,Priced well for location and valet package was an excellent deal! Perfect for a short stay in NYC. Elevators & rooms could use an update but overall it was a good hotel with a very central location. The staff was friendly and accommodating and we have no complaints about service at The Row NYC.,3
3133, July 2018,Good experience !,I would recommend the hotel because the location is more than good everything is a walking distance but they can improve something to make the experience better ! Like the fact that they don’t take cash in the sugar store ( ice cream store ).,3
3134, August 2017,Room was very small,"When heater was put on room was very stuffy, I got sick, nasally and feverish. Ok stay for budget travel, there is cafe and a convenient store at the bottom which is where I got some paracetamol from which was convenient",2
3135, July 2018,Great option for Times Square,"Right in the middle of everything, theatres, food options... but what i appreciated most was the efficiency of booking, checkin and checkout! Rooms are a bit small but bed very comfortable! Thank you Row NYC.",4
3136, July 2018,Cool,"The hotel overall is cool and well located. Room is small, but good distribution. We had 2 windows (that was a plus). The bathroom is kind of small and kind of uncomfortable. No room to change your clothes in there.",4
3137, May 2018,Great Location,This hotel is centrally located for most of the attractions and I would say all within walking distance. I found all the staff very helpful although be wary there is an extra charge to pay for facilities - £180 approx. for 6 days. Im not really sure what its for other than adding to your room cost however I was aware it was payable before I travelled. We had an upgraded room with a city view which wasn't that large but had everything we needed and a great view of the river. The room was very tired inside and at best has a smililar standard to a very basic Travelodge but was cleanand the bed comfortable. If you are looking for luxury this isn't for you but if you are happy with a basic room in a great location then stay at the Row NYC,4
3138, July 2018,Fantastic location and a good quality sleep,"This place is two blocks away from Times Square and is in the middle of other more expensive hotel chains (Westin, Intercontinental, Hyatt), we paid a really good rate for the time we spent there and were very happy with our decision. The service was great (with the exception of a lady with a tattoo on her right biceps at the check out desk who was the embodiment of NY rudeness), the room was properly sized but the bathroom was huge and felt really high-end, the comfort of the beds was terrific and the views to the city are very interesting; overall the hotel is a very good and comfortable option.",4
3139, July 2018,First time in New York,"As far as staying at the Row for my first time in New York, I am glad I did. Great experience, even if check-in was a little slow. Elevator time was a little bit sketchy too. Seems that it could be upgraded in some way.",5
3140, May 2018,We love this Hotel!,"Okay, so I can tell you we have stayed here twice now. This hotel is the perfect location if you are going for the Broadway experience. Sure it has fees but every booking site I have seen warns about the fees. The hotel next to all the theaters and has City Kitchen right next to it. City Kitchen is a very cheap restaurant with lots of options. The hotel cleanliness is on par for a hotel in the price range. The room and bathrooms are very clean. The hallways are just good enough. I would stay at this hotel over and over. I recently saved 20.00 a night going to a nearby hotel just to save a few dollars and regretted it! We will be going back to ROW very soon. I stayed back in Sept of last year and May of this year. Same great experience.",5
3141, July 2018,New York Trip,The location of this hotel is good with theater nearby. Close to amenities and eateries. The room is clean and bright with white finishes. The staff at reception was friendly and offers suggestions to our queries. Great Stay !,5
3142, July 2018,This is not a 4 star hotel.,"Aside from the filth, peeling wallpaper, and damaged furniture, the guestrooms did not feel welcoming at all. Essentially, it felt like a hostile with decent wallpaper. Management tried showing me a different room, but it was still the same poor quality as the first. I will not come back.",1
3143, July 2018,"Great location, very central to everything, and very comfortable beds. Rooms are very small but clean","Very central location , nice staff , clean small rooms restaurants everywhere and can walk 5 minutes to Penn station. You can get an express bus to Newark airport walking distance to theaters and times square",4
3144, July 2018,Convenient to all Broadway shows; good value,"Everything was great except for a sliding barn style door on the bathroom, with big enough gaps that there was no sound privacy at all. Other than that, great staff, safety, cleanliness, modern bath and room, comfortable. It's basic, no frills, but all we needed.",5
3145, July 2018,Will go back,"Loved the hotel. Amazing location , weekend market right outside the hotel. Very central area close to shopping and good restaurants. Bigger rooms than most hotels in New York. Was not very happy with housekeeping.",4
3146, July 2018,Good but not extraordinary,"Good location but nothing extra, room was not super clean, by the way we had a good view. we could watched the World Cup at the bar. We expected more for the price and for a 3 or 4 star hotel. we had a good time by the way...",3
3147, July 2018,"Great position, average location","Perfectly located, closed to Time Square in a very very central position. Room was acceptable but needed some care to meet 4stars assignment. Noise isolation from outside is a bit annoying, therefore ask for silent room. Bathroom was small but clean. The staff is nice and always gentle and available.",3
3148, July 2018,Disappointed,"The hotel is well located in the 8th avenue, but I was really disappointed by this hotel. The air conditioner in the room was too loud, furnitures in the room looked old, and some of the were broken, pretty shocking for a 4* hotel. The bathroom smelled bad, and the staff was not very smiley. I had the impression that they were not really happy doing their job. It’s very expensive for what it is. And don’t advice you this place.",2
3149, July 2018,Excellent,"Great location. Clean and organized. Attentive attendants. Satisfactory bedroom and bathroom. Very good coffee space, and space to watch very nice screen. we had a great stay with nothing to complain about.",5
3150, June 2018,perfect location,"Small, but immaculate room. Nice breakfast space (with delicious bagels!) Common areas needed cleaning. Relaxed vibe with many international visitors. Near theaters and restaurants... Birdland was right around the corner~ It was a pleasure to be back at Row NYC.",4
3151, July 2018,"Nice clean facility, on the smaller side","The staff was friendly and courteous. The room and facility was clean and well maintained, and we were a quick walk (1 block) to Times Square and the Port Authority bus station/metro. The room was a little on the small side, but then again, it was the first time I’ve been to NY, so I’m guessing that’s pretty typical of the area. Overall it was a pleasant experience and I would definitely stay there again for the price.",4
3152, July 2018,Fantastic As Always,"I stay here twice a year for the past 4 years... looking forward to coming back again in December. Location is great, rooms are fantastic, staff very friendly. Rates are so good... really fantastic overall",5
3153, July 2018,Great hotel,This hotel is great and convenient. The staff is very friendly and helpful should issues arise. The rooms are basic but clean. We enjoy staying here. The food court and the bar are also quite nice. The hotel attracts a younger crowd and the lobby can get quite hectic at times but if that doesn’t bother you then this could be the place for you.,5
3154, July 2018,Good location,"Hotel is in a good location in Times Square. However the check in guy initially did put you off by stating the resort fees in addition to room cost when in fact we had already paid for the resort fees which were inclusive in our quote. Overall, good experience though apart from the check in service.",4
3155, July 2018,NYC week end,"The hotel is located within the center of Times Square and the Theater district. You can walk almost anywhere in the city that relates to entertainment! The hotel is modern, with a lot of amenities, but the rooms are small and the hallways to the rooms seem almost claustrophobic.",4
3156, December 2017,Weekend getaway,"My husband and I stayed there as a last minute getaway. He’s never been to New York and it was the perfect location. I wanted to see Bryant Park around Christmas time and explore the city with him because I hadn’t been for a long time. It was in a great location. The bartender at the bar in the hotel was awesome, unfortunately I forget his name. They had music playing one night which was great. The rooms were small but we didn’t spend much time in our room anyway, most rooms are small in NYC. It was a very clean hotel, the decor was really cool and District M was awesome. It was nice to have a bunch of food options right at the hotel and a coffee after a late night of bar hoping and exploring.",4
3157, July 2018,Customer Service,Employees were rude to all I saw them engage with. They seemed like they hated their job and didn’t care about how their attitude cane across to guests. I do this for a living. I’m a customer experience manger.,4
3158, July 2018,Good location only,"Really good location as it is on 8th Avenue and within the Theatre District and Times Square, so really easy to walk to many attractions. The hotel itself is aged and needs a good clean up and modernization. It is really busy with the lobby area feeling like a train station! The check-in was very impersonal and had long queues especially at 4pm. Our room had two double beds with little else. We were a family of two adults and two teenagers. There was barely room to walk around the beds so was very tight with our suitcases etc. The bathroom was small but there were plenty of towels which were changed daily. The beds were very clean and comfortable also. Because it was hot we needed air conditioning but the unit was inside the room and was extremely noisy - it did work very well",3
3159, July 2018,Compact Hotel,"Situated in a great location, this hotel provides all the basic amenities plus a few nice little extras. Other than this the check in/check out process needs a lot of improvement (the lines are way too long) and the food leaves a whole lot to be desired. If your focus is on being at the heart of times square with easy access to everything then you have the perfect budget hotel. other than that i would look for something more suitable for unwinding or family relaxation time",2
3160, July 2018,"Basic, comfortable, affordable hotel, good for overnight recovery for next day NYC adventure","Check in was pleasant. Free, organised storage facility for early check in and after check out, was convenient. Location was good, close to Times Square. Room basic and comfortable. Faulty mobile phone usb ports, were replaced immediately after reporting. In the NYC heat, filtered water was appreciated. Overall experience, was pleasant and would stay again.",4
3161, June 2018,The Row,Perfect location for our 11 days in NYC :) Its close to almost everything. Showercurtain didn’t stop the water from flooding the bathroom floor... a bit stoopid construction:) Aircondition in the room was nice:),3
3162, June 2018,Pleasantly surprised with my experience,"A client recommended this hotel for its convenient location near Times Square and Penn Station. The rooms were small but comfortable. The bed was comfortable. Air conditioning a little noisy but I kept a window open in the bathroom to cut down on its usage. Front desk and staff accommodating and pleasant. The hotel offers great selections for eat in and take out food--from tacos to lobster rolls, coffee and fresh pastries to pancakes and scrambled eggs and bacon from different vendors who have stalls in a separate and convenient location close to the main lobby. Open and available from morning to late evening. The food was great and reasonably priced. Beer, wine available, along with tables to sit and eat/meet others, or take food/drink to your room. The bar had a good",4
3163, July 2018,Great location for the theater,The old Milford Plaza has been renovated nicely-except for the very funky radiator in the bathroom! The room was small but very clean. We were on the 27 floor so the street noise wasn’t bad. We did not upgrade so there was no view but the blackout shades worked well. We used the pre-checkin and our room was ready when we arrived at 2:30pm. Express checkout was also very convenient.,4
3164, July 2018,Early anniversary present,"We decided to stay overnight before our Hello Dolly show. Have stayed at the Row before and was pleased once more. Even tho room card machine was broken, everything else was perfect. Will stay again!!",5
3165, July 2018,review ROW NYC,"our experience in ROW NYC was very good. It is situated near Times Square, the room is large and clean, you get clean towels every day, there is high speed WIFI and water filtration stations available to fill your bottle.",4
3166, July 2018,Rude Reception,Can’t say that I will be back at this hotel - as when I checked in it was liked they were doing me a favor !! Rooms tiny - but with all amenities and a good bed and pillows- which is important to me and in a very good location. Next time I will stay at Luma or intercontinental - a safer bet,2
3167, October 2017,Cute and cosy in NYC,"First time visiting New York city and it did not disappoint. We arrived on a wet and wild night and was relieved to find Row NYC quite easily form the 43rd St Subway. I must stress, if you haven't been to NYC, be prepared for small hotel rooms!!! This was quite a shock to us however the room provided all we needed. A comfy bed, a fully equipped bathroom, views of the Hudson and Hell's Kitchen and easy access to the heart of NYC! we stayed 7-8 nights and spent most of our time out and about, not nearly enough time to see 1% of NYC but it was a start. My only complaint about the the Hotel and room that I feel could be better is the $25USD 'service charge' for room Wifi/internet. spending $200USD on internet for anyone is absolutely ridiculous. (travelled from Australia) Next time",4
3168, June 2018,Close to Times Square,"The good: very close to Times Square, a modern aspect to the hotel, and super fast internet connection. The bad: very expensive for what it offers, an expensive service charge which you cannot avoid paying, and don't include the breakfast in the price like I did - it is just a croissant, coffee and piece of fruit! The ugly: seeing as it is a old building which was renovated, some parts are already showing the age.",4
3169, June 2018,Central of Times Square but way too small,"Right in the middle of Times Square so obviously location is top. The room is way too small... open the suitcases and that’s it, to can move around. Breakfast is under average. Only offer the pastry and some fruits.",3
3170, June 2018,Great Location,"A short walk to Times Square, Rockefeller center, the Intrepid air and space museum. The theater district is just around the corner. Restaurants and pubs near by, and don't missed out on the breakfast at the M in the ROW",4
3171, July 2018,Perfect hotel for a tourist,"It was my 3rd time at the Row NYC. The 1st time I came here was in 2008 when it was known as Milford! In my heart, it’s a 5 stars hotel for many reasons. 1. Proximity to EVERYTHING in New York City. Literally in the center of every popular places in Manhattan. You get out and you're a few blocks from Times Square, Central Park, popular stores, Port Authority, etc. This hotel has a perfect location for a tourist. 2. The price. I was charged 99$ for a night in a huge room with a view the week of the 4th of july. A dream! It’s easy to stay on budget and visit the city and go shopping. Very affordable. I live in a small town in Canada and hotels are more way expensive than this. 3. The staff. Always smiling, making jokes and making the guests feel comfortable, but staying very",5
3172, March 2018,"Great location, VERY NOISY, hidden costs, wouldn't recommend!","I thought I was booking a higher starred hotel than what I was so ultimately I was disappointed on arrival. But first the good stuff - the staff on reception when we arrived were super lovely! I wish I remembered their names. It was my mum's birthday and the three of them that were there all made a fuss which she loved. It's in a good location, if you like Times Square. I think it's quite ideal for a first timer as it's central. I have previously been to New York hundreds of times but it was my mum's first time so I wanted her to have the real experience and she wanted to be central. You can get a small discount in some eateries just by showing your hotel room key (but you basically have paid extra for this - I'll explain later). I'm afraid that's probably all the good I could",3
3173, July 2018,Location location location,"We stayed at Row NYC and the convenience of location was perfect. I liked that we were offered an opportunity to upgrade our room, via email, and we gladly accepted a room with a view, at only a few dollars more per person. It was worth it. We could see the Hudson River from our room!! Check in was a snap and check out even easier. Room was comfy and I like the bright yellow with the gray accents. The music gave a vibrant hip vibe; felt like I was in the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas!!!! Blocks from the subway and around the corner from Times Square!! So much to do and see and EAT around this hotel!! I would definitely stay there again.",5
3174, July 2018,They get the essentials right for a good price,"No frills, but for a comfortable bed, clean room, great location,and good rate, you can’t beat the Row. I also appreciate that the Row provides free water and refillable bottles. Why do you require that I write at least 200 words?",4
3175, July 2018,Perfect for theatre goers!,We came to NYC for Broadway and we couldn’t have picked a better location than Row NYC. The staff was very friendly and check in was quick and easy. The rooms are very small but clean (no one goes to NYC to stay in the room anyway!) and we found the noise to be minimal on the 22nd floor. We absolutely loved our first NYC experience and can’t wait to return. We will definitely book this hotel again and recommend it to our friends.,4
3176, July 2018,Great location for Broadway shows,"The Row NYC is a very reasonably priced hotel in a fantastic location for Broadway. The room was small, but clean, tidy and comfortable. We had ‘deluxe room with city view’, which for only $10 more meant we we were on the 26th floor and could look out across a typical NY big building view. We queued up at the TKTS booth in Times Square - we arrived at 2.15 pm and so were very near the front of the long queue which had formed by 3pm when the office opened. But, we were rewarded with half price tickets for great seats in the ‘orchestra’ to watch the brilliant ‘The play that went wrong’ that evening. The hotel has a busy lobby, just like everywhere in NY, but we checked in without any real delay. Also, as we hadn’t charged anything to the room, we could just drop off the room keys",4
3177, July 2018,Ac quit,Checked into a dirty room to be moved to a new room in their new room the AC didn’t work and they tried to tell me that they didn’t have anything available then when I complained more I was moved into a room that was not comparable to the room that I had paid for,2
3178, July 2018,"Nice hotel, great location","Good value for your money. Nice rooms, especially those with a king size bed. Only negative thing is the noise from the airco and street when staying at the 9th floor. I guess the higher you stay the less you will hear from the street.",4
3179, July 2018,Can be better,"my bathroom had mold or mildew on wall joining and small flying bugs coming out of drain. Ice maker did not work on my level had to go two levels down, good things it is right in the middle of town great location.",3
3180, June 2018,The Row falters,"Having stayed at the Row a couple of times last year, Im sorry to report some glaring hiccups on my recent visit. First of all, a ring that ive had for twenty five years disappeared on the one and only day I asked housekeeping to clean. I fear it was thrown away from the desk in the room. What's even more disappointing is the total lack of response from the lost or stolen department. I wrote an email immediately on Saturday June 30th reporting this. I tried calling but apparently no one picks up a phone there. My frustration didn't stop there. The Row mistakenly thinks that blaring music in the elevators 24/7 carries some appeal. It doesn't. In fact, it demonstrates a lazy resting on our laurels type attitude. Even worse, the gym. The skanky club music blares at all times",2
3181, June 2018,Row NYC for handicapped customers,"Row NYC has great customer service. They answered all of my questions about the room before my trip, gave my friend a free upgrade so his room could be near mine, and did everything possible to ensure that our stay was pleasant.",5
3182, September 2017,위치랑 겉모습만 좋음,"공항 픽업이 무료라고 해서 갔더니 그걸 또 인터넷에 등록하고 뭐하고 엄청 복잡합니다. 로비에 컴퓨터가 있는데 그걸로는 등록도 안되고 해서 고생고생해서 전화로 등록했는데 기사가 안된다고 별안간에 화를 냅니다. 그래서 호텔이랑 픽업회사랑 전화로 싸우고 싸워서 환불은 해준다고 했지만 지금까지 못받았어요. 드러워서 안받음. 그거 말고도 체크인도 줄서서 하고, 지들끼리 친하다 생각하는 손님한테는 막 따로 친하게 굴고 다른 손님은 찬밥신세. 복도에서는 카페트가 오래된건지 이상한 냄새나고, 엘레베이터도 이상하고 방은 짐도 못펴놓을정도로 좁아터지고 그렇네요. 말아서 쓸수있는 물통 줬는데 그거만 좋음.. 방을 넓히지 못하면 침대를 하나 빼서 가격내리고 그냥 일인방으로 팔아요. 침대 두개 들어가지도 않는데 우겨넣지 마시고요. We got a coupon for Airport pickup and nobody had what that coupon is. We failed figure out by asking people from the front desk. Nobody had fuxx clue!!! So we searched the internet and struggled to get it registered. However the computer did not really work properly. So that I phoned them up and finally made it to be registered through the phone. After all that, we still failed to",3
3183, July 2018,When the price is right...,"You cant beat this midtown location. Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. Just be aware there is a facilities fee which adds about 30 bucks a night to your costs. When the price is right, it still a deal....but of the room rate is at your budget, you'll be disappointed.",4
3184, July 2018,One word very disappointing!,"The room was disgraceful.The overall cleanliness as soon as we walked in was poor. Upon further expection me and my partner found mould on the blinds and what appeared to be a sick stain on the floor. I would like to point out that my partner does suffer from asthma and something like mould even just on a blind can become a catalyst for something much more Sinster. With this in mind we went down stairs to reception to see what could be done. When we approached staff about the condition of our room they offered to send a cleaning service up but could only do so at 9pm, many hours after we had checked in. When we arrived back later that evening we found the only thing house cleaning had done was re make the bed, the mould and stain still remained much to our disappointment. My",1
3185, July 2018,Brief vacation,Great location near Times Square with many restaurant choices and theaters in walking distance. Staff were very helpful and knowledgeable and rooms were clean and neat. Check-in was quick and efficient.,5
3186, June 2018,Great Boutique Hotel,Close to Times Square and fabulous restaurants. Very convenient. Exceptional staff very willing to help and make your stay rewarding. Honest housekeepers!! left my ring in the hotel by mistake and it was there when I returned! You won't be disappointed to stay there. Cool elevators!!,4
3187, July 2018,Row NYC July 2018,"The location is great. The subway is right outside and it was a nice walk to places we wanted to go to (10-15 minute walks). However, check-in was really slow. There were 4 staff members helping clients and they kept shouting to each other what rooms they were trying to book and taking rooms away from each other. It felt very disorganized. Internet was TERRIBLE. It cannot disconnecting. Room was quite small.. probably around 8'x5' kind of dimension. But the location was great. But I will probably not stay here again",1
3188, July 2018,Great value,Beyond satisfied and more than we expected for the low price!The Row delivered in every way! You cannot go wrong choosing to stay here. Its smack in the middle of everything you could possibly imagine and anything you crave to eat day or night.,5
3189, July 2018,Quite but close to time square,Convenient to time square but without all the noise. Nights were peaceful and quite. Multiple places to eat without even leaving the hotel.The bar located downstairs is a nice bonus as well. Subway is located just across the street for quick access to the metro.,4
3190, June 2018,Great stay and highly recommended.,"Stayed a week and found the Row fantastic in every way, great service, nice room with views over Time Square and food outlets on site with discounts for guests. Stone throw from Time Square and Broadway shows and other handy sites. Highly recommend as pricing was also a bonus and very reasonable for the location. Will definitely stay again on our next visit.",5
3191, June 2018,BE AWARE - Expensive and unpleasant,"OK if you like crowds and 2* accommodation whilst paying 4* price this would suit you. Management take no notice of complaints. Very limited light in corridors and lifts to disguise poor condition. Very basic rooms, no hanging space for towels.",1
3192, July 2018,Great experince,We got there as an emergency stay. My family and I were extremely tired and realized it only slept 2. Christina and Paola made our trip even better with their awesome customer service. They upgraded us when it was more difficult to do since it was on a Friday. They both made out stay even better. Thank you Christina and Paola for you service and quick problem solving.,5
3193, July 2018,Nothing great but the location.,"The location is good. The staff was helpful when asked questions. The rooms are small, picture a cruise ship room. The elevators have a smell to them. We had to call for linen. The door latches seemed loose. The caulking in the bathroom is laughable. It was an average hotel.",3
3194, June 2018,"Great Location, Clean Rooms, Friendly Staff","This was our third stay at the Row. If you want to be near Broadway, it's a great choice. Rooms are clean, comfortable but small ( think cruise ship ). Staff is friendly and accommodating. Only hint: don't book all the rooms for your party on one credit card ( although to me that seems easier ). Problem was that I was charged an",4
3195, July 2018,"Smells like cigarettes, not clean","Don't be fooled by the lobby and restaurant...it's lipstick on a pig. When I called to complain about my room smelling like an old bar, they sent two employees to check it out...and they agreed. One of them left me with a bottle of air freshener, which only worked for 15 minutes or so. I got about 2 hours sleep that night because the smell kept waking me up. They didn't have a room to move me to, so I checked out and found another (more affordable) hotel two blocks away that was 10x as nice as Row. I wouldn't have booked Row if our convention didn't use it as a default hotel when signing up - I'll certainly let the convention know to ditch them. The rooms are also dated and dirty. The wallpaper decor is cheap and overused - it's all over the hallways and bedrooms. Makes it",1
3196, June 2018,Great Value and Location,The location is great and the variety of food within the same building is wonderful. I felt secure with a guard being posted in front of the elevators in the evenings. We had to show our room key to prove that we were actually staying there. Our room smelled like mold though--that is my only problem with it.,4
3197, July 2018,NYC Hot New Hotel,"We were in the City for the hottest day of the year. ROW NYC was a welcome retreat from the fun and heat of the day. Well done on the design and services. Retrofitted older hotel for new modern vibe. Rooms are small, but that's NYC. Lobby Bar and adjacent City Eats Cafe were perfect! Location couldn't be beat!",5
3198, June 2018,Row Nyc,1-When I arrived the Doorman pulled opened my car door and grabbed my suitcase before I paid the Taxi Driver. He was in a hurry to get another Hotel guest in the taxi I was vacating. 2-The check in person gave me no instructions on how the elevator or any knowledge about the hotel works and was not pleasant at all. 3-When I got to me room I did not have a Shower curtain in the bathroom. The room was not ready.also there was not any information about the hotel in the room. 4-The People that work the Bar area were the MOST pleasant part of my experience. It would have been nice to know that they did not have in room coffee/tea makers,3
3199, July 2018,Great location,"What a fantastic location, so close to Times Square and plenty of other attractions. Rooms are small but comfortable, only there to sleep. Had no issues whilst there and would definitely stay there again.",5
3200, July 2018,Ok hotel,"Well, overall it is a nice hotel but it is missing many things for the money they are charging. I would like to see a kitchen where we can order food if we didn’t feel like going out, and also having things like a coffee maker will also be nice.",3
3201, June 2018,Great hotel and great value,"Great hotel. Very convenient. Food court options very convenient, good value, great quality, and great to have options easily without much higher costs. Only issue was size of bathroom. It was really tight.",4
3202, June 2018,Great stay!,"We had a great stay at ROW NYC this last week in June 2018. We stayed in room 900 right outside of the elevators (with the cool decorated door as many noted). It was a decent sized room with a comfy king bed. The location is great, the rooms are clean, WiFi worked just fine and it's nice and quiet! Thankful for a perfectly relaxing stay with good A/C on a hot week too. Elevators are super speedy too with no long waits.",5
3203, June 2018,Lovely Weekend in NYC!,"We enjoyed our room overlooking Time Square! We were close to our theater, the bakeries, the Time Square shops,and everything we wanted to do on a weekend trip! Just a few blocks from Amtrak Station! The City Kitchen breakfast overlooking the City each morning was a highlight!",5
3204, June 2018,Waste of Money & Time,"We used mobile check in but when we arrived at the hotel, the key card making machine wasn’t working so we had to go to the desk anyways. Big queues with only two slow members of staff. The room was okay. Some items of furniture were a bit tatty like the drawer had bits missing from the corners. Wasn’t too significant but makes it seem like they don’t care about the room appearance. The bathroom had mould on the wall/ ceiling. The air conditioner was loud but this was expected & we’re heavy sleepers so it didn’t bother us. During our stay we had to get new room keys FOUR times. They kept not working. We came back to the room really hungry, wanting to dropping our shopping bags off and head back out for food but the keys weren’t working. So we had to go back to the lobby to",1
3205, June 2018,excellent service,"the service was excellent, no further improvement is required, the hotel complies with what is required to have a pleasant stay and is close to two blocks from time square and Broadway, eta near everything.",5
3206, June 2018,Perfect stay with a disabled child!,Great stay for family with a wheelchair bound child. The staff was friendly and so accommodating. The ROW was very clean and a perfect fit for our needs. The ROW was the perfect location for attending the theater in NYC. There were also good food choice in the area and easy taxi service to all the sites!! We LOVED the ROW!,4
3207, June 2018,Good location,"We stayed here for a bachelorette party for one night stay. It is a good location and easy to get cabs. The staff opening doors and hailing cabs for us were very helpful and nice. The rooms were OK - small like most NYC hotels, and noticeably dirty carpet in spots as well some small stains on comforter. Bathroom was fine. Hotel lobby and food offerings were great. Once late night convenience store inside which was helpful.",3
3208, June 2018,Good place to stay in NYC,"Very good Hotel, good location, very good services this is the place to stay if you want to stay in New York directly in Times Square! I always recommanded this hotel and never desapointed. Room always clean and confortable and this time we have a chance to have the view on a beautiful fireworks directly from our rooms!!! best weekend ever!",5
3209, January 2018,Great experience,"The hotel is literally 2 minutes from Time Square, surrounded by many theaters and well communicated. Service was great both in reception and the different bars they have. The only negative point would be that you can clearly hear your neighbor, I was there during the Super Bowl and the girls in the room next to ours were chatting and screaming all night. The view from our room was amazing, even though we were at the opposite side from Time Square, but you could clearly see the skyline. Cleaning personal was so nice too. Definitely I would come back.",4
3210, June 2018,Fun Hotel Close to Time Square,"2nd time staying at ROW and it is my favorite hotel to stay in NYC. It is 2 blocks off Time Square so super close yet gets you away from the hustle and bustle. We love staying here as it is so hip and unique and not your old stodgy hotel. There is quick easy transportation with Uber & Taxi at the door and subway & bus within 1 block of the hotel. You feel very safe and the City Kitchen which is connected to the hotel is like a food court with 7-10 different restaurants all in one place, reasonable prices and something for everyone.",5
3211, June 2018,Bad experience,"You have to improve a lot. The hotel is very well located but too dirty, noisy and dark. Bathrrom is old, hot water is not always, is an small space. Music at the elevator is irritating. Many things to improve.",1
3212, July 2018,Mother daughter weekend,"We love staying at The Row NYC... it’s so close to everything! It’s also very affordable and we feel safe here! It’s also close to Broadway Dance Center, Times Square and Shake Shack=} The staff is friendly and the lobby smells amazing when you walk in!!!",5
3213, June 2018,Noisy and stinky,"My client booked me at this hotel and as soon as I saw the address I was concerned. This hotel is in the heart of the yuck in NYC. People accosting you with bus tours as soon as you walk outside the door and noise of cheering at midnight as people wait for broadway stars to exit the nearby theatres. The rooms are small, which isn't a big deal, but I have a few other issues with the hotel. 1) When I checked in the woman said she was going to give me a little upgrade since I was booked into a standard room near the elevators. I got to my room and I was directly across from the elevators (2623). So she either made a mistake or had no idea what she was doing. It was 11:30 at night so I just let it go. But you should know that these rooms are very noisy. You can hear the doors",2
3214, July 2018,Bad cleaning services room,"the hotel has an excellent location. The attention of the reception staff is slow, long lines are formed. The cleanliness of the rooms is bad. The cleaning staff makes a minimum effort. the rooms should have coffee makers",3
3215, June 2018,short stay in NTC,"Great value hotel. Great location at 8th avenue with restaurants, bars, convenience stores, gift shops, supermarkets. Near Majestic theatre (Phantom of the Opera)!!!! Times Square is at a very shork walking distance! Good quality/price option. I would go back to this place, if I go again to NYC.",4
3216, June 2018,Great location,"We were right around the corner from our theater...very convenient tow all of the sights, theaters, time square, Lincoln tunnel and although the valet is pricey, it was excellent service, I would stay here again...",4
3217, June 2018,very good hotel & price,"in the heart of times square , not quiet , but you can sleep. Good service. they take care of nice details & design . Nice bar and food options. Security also works. check out and ckeck in was easy , and staff was warm and helpful.",4
3218, June 2018,Great time in Row,"The hotel has a great location, great cleaning, but the bed and pillows need to improve a lot. For a family is very important a room with window, helps to get bigger and more comfortable.The employee Marcelo was fantastic and helped us a lot.",4
3219, June 2018,Great location,"Very good location. We were aware of the extra fees to be paid on arrival which we couldn't take advantage of as we were only there 1 night but the total price was fair for where we were but still disappointing. Rooms were clean, wifi was good but the air con units in the room and outside the window were pretty noisy. It did the job for our night there and we would probably stay there again.",4
3220, May 2018,Fee grabbing hotel,This hotel charges guest a facilities fee there is no mention of it at checkin or check out. I could not take advantage of the benefits because the frontline staff made no mention of it. Complaint handled poorly blame shifted to the third party booking agent for not making it clear.,1
3221, June 2018,"Good value, good location","Decent (though small) room in a decent building with a great location for less money than other places. If you are excited by the perks (e.g., free shuttle to airport) be sure to read the fine print ... after the hassle of a web shopping cart and printing a paper ticket, I discovered I couldn't use the shuttle on the day of my departure because I needed to arrange my pickup more than 24 hours in advance.",3
3222, January 2018,Great Hotel Amazing Location,"I had planned my trip to New York as a surprise to my girlfriend and i was planning to propose while out there. We stayed at The Row NYC in January 2018 and on check in our room was upgraded to a Premium City view, which was amazing. We stayed on the 25th floor and the room was spacious and the en suite bathroom was a very good size. We had city views from 4 separate windows. The room was clean and comfortable, and the location was exactly what we needed. Its a short walk (few minutes) to Times Square and the Port Authority Bus terminal. The food court in the hotel is worth a visit and highly recommend the donuts. For the price of the rooms and the location you cannot get much better for your money. I have ready reviews and some bad but don't let this put you off (at the end",5
3223, June 2018,Good but....,"Very well located : 4 minutes walking from Times square and subway Rooms are very small for 3 : impossible to entirely open you luggage ! but clean Fountain water is appreciable No human atmosphere in general, just business",3
3224, June 2018,Photos give false idea,"Stayed for 3 nights. The only good thing is the location. Rooms are tiny.. had a room with a view of a wall. Noises air con which you need as room stifling. Tiny bathroom which was not clean and stank of damp. Room had not been hovered and didn’t look very clean on stay. Reception staff miserable and not friendly. Cleaners knock room before 8am and felt rushed to leave room on last morning. I knew about extra charge but think this is wrong to charge for WiFi , calls and gym when didn’t need it. Definitely will return to New York but not to this hotel.",2
3225, June 2018,It’s okay but not great,"I’d previously stayed here before when it was the Milford Plaza so had a good idea of what to expect. Rooms are small and cheaply renovated and the nightly rate is expensive for the standard. The bathroom was shabby and tiny but adequate enough for us- I imagine anyone plus sized would struggle to turn around in the shower or be comfortable on toilet as it was jammed right up against a wall. You are basically paying for the location so if you keep your expectations low, you won’t be too disappointed. The a/c unit in our room was ridiculously noisy but it was hot so we had to keep it on and just suffer with it. The worst aspect of the hotel was there weren’t enough staff on the front desk to deal with the volume of customers checking in, out and general enquires (deactivated room",3
3226, June 2018,Small rooms but great hotel!,"Hotel was lovely and clean, rooms were quiet small but we didn’t mind too much. Location was ideal with Times Square just around the corner and the lobby had such a good smell. Perfect for a young couple or friends. Carlos bakery and port authority was just down the road which was so handy if your going to jersey gardens. Good value for money and I would recommend.",4
3227, June 2018,Lack of Communication,"I was extremely disappointed in the lack of communication between the Row and their reservation specialists. When I tried to have questions answered about a nonprofit/corporate rate I was told I would be sent an email from the hotel to help me learn more. I had to call back 3X's over several days, one time while i was at the hotel prior to check out, and never received the emails. When I attempted to speak with the managers at the hotel (in person), no one seemed to know what I was talking about. Even when i put them on the phone with their (the Row's) reservation specialist. This is extremely unprofessional to not be able to communicate as a staff to assist your consumer. No one seemed to be able to help me. Also, be sure to check your bill when you leave to make sure you",1
3228, June 2018,2nd stay at ROW,Location of the hotel is super!! 4 yrs ago also stayed at ROW. At that time the hotel was recently renovated. We could now clearly notice that the hotel needs some small renovation again. Room was not properly cleaned every day and also the bathroom was not smelling fresh anymore. There was mold on the ceiling and also sides of the tub. We stayed here for 10 days and there was lots of duts on the table and side of the bed. Next time would seriously consider other hotels in the neighborhood as well.,3
3229, June 2018,Do NOT stay here.,Did not get our room they transferred us to a new hotel. We had to make the manager pay for our uber and the ride was canceled midway through the trip we were abandoned on the street with our luggage.,1
3230, June 2018,Picture Is not accurate,Pictures show more room than what you get. Wish they showed the bathroom that would have been funny. Staff working there were the best part of the trip. Thank you for your hospitality. Wish the room was set for 4 guests when you booked it for four. Had to ask for two towels.,3
3231, June 2018,Location is fantastic,"Stayed here last week and I have to say its perfectly located in times square. The rooms are tiny and getting to sleep at night was a bit of a nightmare with the sound of all the traffic outside but its New York so what do you expect. Getting to here from Newark airport is a bit of a nightmare. Taxi will cost you a fortune, almost 100 dollars, so if you want to avoid that you'll have to take the train which again is a pain if you have a suitcase and everything. Overall we enjoyed our stay here, its location is great but again as I said don't be expecting massive rooms, its New York.",3
3232, June 2018,EXPLORED LOCATION,"I already did in previous topic my opinion. I just reaffirm that the Receptionist Marcelo helped us very much, with indications, doubts and detailed rules of the hotel. I would like to thank the security of the Hotel, who treated us very well during the hours we asked for help.",4
3233, June 2018,Do not recommend this hotel!,"Overall the room is more of a motel standard rather than hotel level. I will not recommend this hotel for the price they charge! The only plus point is the location, but the room size, cleanliness of room and the bathroom is below standard!",1
3234, June 2018,You guys have a good oportunity for improvement,The hotel it was very expensive if you take a consideration the size of the room and the few of quality of things that you can do in the hotel. Bar/restaurant are not open 24hrs for example. The location is the strongest amenity but the hotel need more things. Security during the night was good. I will come back in the future to this hotel.,3
3235, June 2018,Spend a little money more money and stay somewhere else,"This was my second stay at Row NYC. My first stay, about two years ago was mediocre so I figured I would try the hotel again since it would only be for one night. My experience was terrible- the check in process took about 30 minutes because of the long lines, there isn't any air conditioning in the dark and frankly creepy looking hallways. It takes 15 minutes to get an elevator to go downstairs to the lobby. My room itself had air conditioning, however it was so loud that it kept me up all night. There was also a weird staticky noise coming from one of the outlets all night. Room could use some renovating as well - dingy carpet and tile and TV was hanging crooked on the wall. I would suggest that if you are looking for a hotel, to look elsewhere. Spend a little more money",1
3236, June 2018,Misleading Falsely Renovated Hotel,"From the looks of the lobby and the pictures of the room, you would think this is a new hotel. But it is clearly an old hotel that's been badly/cheaply renovated. Lobby is great. Rooms are tiny, wall paper is dirty, carpet under the bed is filthy, bottom of the bathtub was bizarrely soft, faucet was loose, bathroom door handle was loose, weird foliage growing on the top of the bathroom baseboards. Very uncomfortable beds, low to the floor. The price of these rooms is solely based on the location because the rooms themselves are absolutely not worth 1464$ for a 3 night stay!",2
3237, June 2018,Great Stay,"Very Happy with Row NYC, rooms were nice and modern but small, but was perfect for our needs, as you are in NYC so didnt spend a lot of time there, location couldn’t be better, 1 street down from Times Square, woukd book again and again for future visits",4
3238, June 2018,Very noisy room,"Very noisy room, door in front of ice machine, couldn’t sleep the 3 nights I stayed at the hotel. On the phone they gave me the wrong price of parking, they had told me it would be 45$ for the whole stay as long as I don’t move the car during the stay, it turned out to be 70$/night!!!",2
3239, June 2018,Amazing & friendly staff. Beautiful veiws from up top.,One of the best hotels views I’ve ever had 24th floor . Rain water walk in shower. Large comfy beds. Staff remembered who I was and felt like a tight family. It was a special occasion for my friend and the hotel went above an beyond expectations. Thank you for the amazing hospitality.,5
3240, June 2018,BAD BAD BAD...,"When you see the pictures online, trust me you ""think"" it looks good and all. However, it is quite deceiving when you see it for real. First, the front desk employees seemed like they did not want to work at all. There was a waiting line, but it did not matter because they were just working really slow. The security man that was standing there was very mean & he was not professional because he had an attitude when he asked to see my key card. Second, when I got my key card I did not know that the elevator needed me to press on which floor I was going to because the front desk did not tell me anything about it. I just thought it was a simple elevator and that inside it would have the floor's numbers to press on. There was nothing and I ended up on the 16th floor. I was confused",1
3241, June 2018,very good,"I was in this hotel for 9 days, very well located, I was very well received by the Brazilian Marcelo, that makes all the difference. The room was cleaned everyday, the elevators worked well throughout the period I've been there. for being such a big hotel this is very important.",4
3242, June 2018,Good but small,I would like to receive a warmer reception on the front desk. The Clerk was eating at her labor site and almost I did not understand what she said. I think those kind og things should not happen. Room too small.,3
3243, June 2018,Location,"Good location, friendly and helpful stuff but small rooms, rooms not as fancy as on hotel pictures. Room did not had a teapot or refrigerator. It is a bit expansive for this quality of the room.......",3
3244, June 2018,OK but not great,"The title says it all really. The room was comfortable and clean but very basic even though I upgraded to a superior queen room. The air conditioning was extremely noisy and I had to turn it off at night otherwise I had no chance of sleeping, but this meant that it got hot in the room. The location is fantastic - one block from Times Square. The hotel bar is small, dark and not very inviting. The main issue is that they are not set up for chip and pin on credit cards. When I checked out I was unable to use the card I would have liked to as my card provider declined the transaction due to the amount and the lack of chip and pin. I was lucky that I had second card that was accepted otherwise I would have had no means of paying my bill.",3
3245, June 2018,Excellent Hotel,This is an excellent hotel to stay at... it is in the heart of NYC... walking distance from Times Square and Broadway... the location is superb and always buzzing... this also makes it a bit expensive but worth the stay...,5
3246, June 2018,Disappointing and Dirty,"We had a one night stay in New York on our way to Washington for a family holiday. We booked the Row NYC based on the pictures and images shown on their website but disappointingly, the reality was very different and the hotel fell well below our expectations. As well as a slow (and not particularly helpful) Reception team, the lobby, lift and landing areas were dirty. Our room was extremely basic, not very clean and one of the quilts was marked and stained. In addition, we could not find a cold water / ice machine that worked anywhere on the landings and floors around us. We are regular travellers and do appreciate that this is a busy, city centre hotel but for the price paid, we expected something much better. Needless to say, we would not recommend and will not be staying at",2
3247, June 2018,Good,"Hotel was in a great location and clean. Rooms are quite small but there was no problem with noise. Not so good was that a deposit was posted to my credit card which was unexpected as I had been told my credit card would not be charged unless I had not given appropriate time for cancellation. The room had no channel description for the tv or informational material regarding nearby churches, medical, etc..",3
3248, June 2018,June 2018 @ROW NYC,"Location was fantastic. Adjacent to fantastic City Kitchen. Fun lobby scene. Rooms are basic but super clean. The check in kiosks were out of order, resulting in a long check in wait, but we're back online the next day. And so many friendly staff. Fantastic overall experience.",4
3249, June 2018,"Urine stained beds, trip to remember for the wrong reasons","To start off, we were unaware of the high taxes in Newyork as Booking.com failed to include them in final quote. We were already $400 over our budget after these taxes. We booked a deluxe double room for the 3 nights, but it was far from deluxe. We did not have any floor space to even fit our suitcases. The bathroom had an unstable sliding wooden frame as a door. We requested a room change as this basic box room was not slightly up to our satisfaction. So they moved us to slightly better and bigger room with a view of the city. I shared a double bed with my friend and the second I got into it I noticed my side of the bed was wet my friend informed me that she had a shower and sat in her towel on my side of the bed so I took no notice. When I woke up in the morning the bed was",1
3250, June 2018,Only good thing is location.,"DO NOT BE DECEIVED BY THE NICE-LOOKING FRONT LOBBY! This hotel has small and dirty cramped rooms with incredibly rude and unhelpful front desk staff. They messed up with my reservation twice and made me wait a total of 12 hours for my requested room, and they did not do comp me a single thing to make up for their errors. Front desk never picks up their phone. The only good thing about this hotel is the convenient location in Theatre District. Otherwise, would NOT recommend or stay again!",2
3251, June 2018,"Convenient, clean & comfortable Times Square stay","This was my 2nd time at Row NYC and with the competitive rates, convenient location, clean & comfortable rooms, I'd be happy to return. The Row provides everything I need for a quick business overnight trip.",4
3252, June 2018,Perfect Location!,The rooms are small but the location is unbeatable. Rooms are clean and staff are friendly. Restaurant (food court) attached is very convenient. I stay here regularly when I'm in the city! I would highly recommend this hotel as long as you aren't claustrophobic!,4
3253, June 2018,Rave Review for Row!,"Fun hotel bustling with a NY vibe. The location in the heart of the theater district can't be beat. Great staff and food court. The clever, efficient elevator system delivers guests to chic, clean rooms. Love the NY murals on the walls!",5
3254, June 2018,Very good for city sightseeing,"The ROW is perfectly located for your first sightseeing trip to New York. Times Square, Subway station and Porth Authority Bus Terminal is 5 min away. The rooms are small which is typical for this city. It is enough to get a good nights sleep when staying in the upper floors. We were in floor 20. Of course the city is still to hear: Fire trucks, people cheering, ambulances. It’s a big city so you need to count that in. Our room was a free upgrade to premium and I have only one point to mention: We had high temperatures during our stay and a refrigerator would have been very useful for cooling drinks. But that‘s a nice to have feature. There is this service fee for $34 per night you need to pay. This is for example for WiFi or the fitness center. If you plan on buying",4
3255, June 2018,NEVER USE THIS HOTEL,"this is the most terrible hotel i have ever been. housekeeper never clean the room, never change bed sheet, also they leave dirty used cup on the table for us to use it. i don't know if new towels were actually used one that i used it last night.",1
3256, June 2018,Awsome,For my first time it was a great experience for me and my lady friend we really enjoyed ourselves very very much hope to be back in two more weeks this time instead of one day my birthday week hope for 2 days,5
3257, June 2018,"location,location","Row NYC...great location for subway, theater. restaurants, shopping etc. Comfortable room, felt safe; Beautiful sorroundings I highly recomend. We went sight seeing, to theater, and ate well. We easily got where we wanted to be... either by walking or using public transportation.",5
3258, June 2018,Mark's review,"Good location, great price, comfortable rooms and helpful staff. Cheap eats all around the hotel and very close to times square. Only used the room to crash at night, was at work the rest of the time.",5
3259, May 2018,Disappointed and will NOT be using again!!!! $137 to use WIFI!!!! Read on....,"Disappointed and will NOT be using again!!!! $137 to use WIFI!!!! Read on.... Having used this hotel in 2004 when it was formerly known as The Milford Plaza, I decided to go back and revisit The Row NYC as it had been refurbished. Upon arriving, I noticed it had been given a modern twist although it’s staircase and front entrance still had the same look. The rooms had been given a freshen up but the air conditioning units were still the same and the bathroom looked similar apart from a few differences but the beds were comfy. As we checked in we were asked to give our passports and a credit card (standard for hotels) and I was informed there was a $50 holding charge on the card for damages and would be refunded if there was no issue and if we wanted to use Wifi we had to",2
3260, June 2018,Location,"Location was right around the corner from the Majestic and Sardies, that is why we chose it. But it needs upgrading and the room was not cleaned properly. I do think if they updated some things it would be a very nice place.",3
3261, June 2018,Good location but that's all,"The check in was confusing. We came in early in the morning and received an email to check in early for $50. We paid it but our room wasn't ready until after 4pm. The kiosks to check in did not work so we had to wait in a very long line to check in which sucked when you fly overnight. The rooms are very small and there are not amenities like coffee machines. We asked for hot water and had to pay $8 at the bar. The worst part was the air conditioning. It was working when we go to the room, but after leaving and coming back it had stopped working. We called to have someone fix it. We left for a couple of hours hoping it would be fixed when we go back, but they had not fixed it. We then called again and the entire air conditioner had to be replaced. Well it worked, but",1
3262, June 2018,Perfect Location,"The rooms are modern but small, seems average size for NYC though. Very clean, location was ideal - just at Hell’s Kitchen and Broadway, 10 min walk from Times Square. The subway was across the road also.",5
3263, June 2018,Seriously not worth the money,"I came to stay here for 3 nights and for the money we paid (over $1000) it was extremely disappointing. When we went into our room the bed sheets were dirty, I had to call guest services 4 times to get them changed as they were not answering the phone. The room was also very small and not very clean, there were stains on the walls and pubic hair in the shower. I had also paid to have a ""large double bed"" however the bed that we were provided with looked like a standard double with one side against the wall as the room was so small. I would like to add that this was one of the hotels mid price rooms, not the cheapest option. The air conditioning in the room was also sub-par. The temperature controls on it made no difference and it only blew out very cold air directly at the bed,",2
3264, June 2018,"Excellent, convenient","Great location, minutes for many Broadway theaters, steps from the E subway stop. Bright, clean room and bath. “Room with a view” had a great city view. Good (fast) elevators. Excellent food options in the building.",5
3265, June 2018,Surprised Me!! Very Nice!!,"After reading all the reviews I was really skeptical about staying at this hotel. I would complain to my wife that I know it’s going to be so dirty when we get there. Surprisingly the room was pretty nice I had a great view and the beds were made and really clean.Now don’t get me wrong the hotel is a little on the older side but it was very clean and the walk to Times square was nothing. You have everything around you that you need while staying in New York City, all the restaurants, all the top-notch stores, all the bodegas, any pizza shop you may want to eat at. Everything was really convenient and I would definitely stay here again and suggest this location to anyone that visits New York City! Please do not go off of the reviews for this location experience it for yourself!",5
3266, June 2018,Wonderful trip and nice stay,"Row is very good located, close to Times Square and Broadway's shows. Also close to the 42st metro station. You can find everything you need. The only thing i would suggest is that Row should have a frigobar inside the Row, although it is not a big issue because you can have easy meals in the hotel's restaurant.",4
3267, June 2018,Hospitality none excisting,"You don’t feel welcome here, hospitality is a word front desk staff or security staff never heared of. Security thinks they are nightclub bouncers, very impolite when asking to see your room key before entering the elevators. I’m too old for this kind of attitude and treatment. Your hotel should be your retreat from the hussle and bussle and this is not the experience you get. This is more the shady nightclub feeling.",2
3268, June 2018,Walked because I was not staying multiple nights,"The manager Walked me because I was not staying multiple nights. The desk clerk (who I have checked in with on multiple occasions) was assigning me a room, discussing the breakfast included, etc. Then the manager interrupted. It was not a pleasant situation.",1
3269, June 2018,Good overall,"Very much liked the bathroom and the elevator system. Stay overall was pleasant. Very busy hotel with lots of people coming and going . Bus tour very close by, train station , Times Squares , many entertainment , Theaters, restaurants etc.",4
3270, June 2018,Great hotel in a great location,My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our 7 night stay at this hotel. You are in the heart of NY with short walks to the theatres and restaurants.The staff were all very helpful and friendly. We wouldn't definitely stay here again for a trip to New York,4
3271, June 2018,Horrible Stay...Would Not Recommend,"I'm not sure where to begin but this may have been the worst hotel experience I've ever had. I travel quite a bit for business/personal trips and have stayed in all inclusive resorts along with several NY hotels previously for business. Unfortunately, this hotel will be on my DO NOT recommend list for as long as I have the power to advise people to stay away. I checked into this hotel this past Sun for a 2 night stay for business. On my first night upon arrival I was forced to switch rooms multiple times as each room that was given to me had bugs flying around as I tried to rest comfortably in the bed the night before work. After multiple trips downstairs and having to pack my bags and change rooms I was given a room that had no flies but at this point it was past 1 am and I was",1
3272, June 2018,Great hotel with great location,"This was a wonderful hotel. Right in the heart of midtown close to Times Square, but just far enough away to be out of the craziness of the herds of tourists. Two blocks from a major subway station (about a 3 minute walk). Updated, modern hotel. Very clean and great housekeeping staff. Great food options in the lobby at your fingertips for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! I will definitely be staying here again.",4
3273, June 2018,Great Stay in New York,"The Row NYC is a wonderful hotel to stay in. It is right in the heart of midtown between Hell's Kitchen and Times Square. The rooms are small, but I was hardly there as i was taking in the sights. The best thing about the hotel was Bartender Jaret Jackson. A very pleasant young man who gives his all every time I stay at the Row NYC. His wonderful demeanor and great personality makes my stay that much more enjoyable. Overall I would rate my experience a 9 out of 10!",5
3274, June 2018,ROW NYC is Awesome!,Great hotel service and cleanliness. Staff very attentive and polite. Location is perfect. Great vibe from the hotel employees. Everyone is so friendly. Rooms are always nice and clean. You can tell the difference staying at the ROW!,5
3275, June 2018,If you love theater stay here.,This is THE place to stay in the theater district. Everything is walk able. The staff couldn't be more helpful and accommodating. And I can't speak highly enough about the morning breakfast crew. I can't wait to return just to say hi to them and have a continental breakfast. If you go to NYC for theater like I do make sure to get on their mailing list for special & say hello to the breakfast crew for me.,4
3276, June 2018,Splendid stay in the heart of the City!,The Row is everything you need it to be. All staff are pleasant and helpful. Check-in/out is a breeze. Rooms are quiet and clean. It is located such that you have easy access to attractions. I will be staying here again!,5
3277, June 2018,ROW NYC NOT 4 stars,"This hotel is not a 4 star, it needs maintenance done on the rooms they are outdated and not clean. A revamp is necessary, and it was not clean. Hair was left in the bathroom and the wall had tiles missing exposing the inner wall. The pillows were stained.",2
3278, May 2018,very accomodating,"Props to Yanelly, who put me in a lovely room where i had a pleasant night, great Wi-Fi, and her best suggestions for getting to the subway. There is a starbucks less than a block away and they encouraged me to go there, and in short, made it a drama-free experience. Appreciate it! And the price was good as well",4
3279, October 2017,Good hotel,"Good hotel, close to Times Square. Friendly staff helped out when we had an issue at check in. Rooms a bit small but still ok. We did upgrade room but due to issue & check in (no room showing for us) we only got a standard room. Stylish & modern hotel. Close to bar's & restaurants.",4
3280, June 2018,"Great location, very clean and cozy hotel","Great location, very clean and cozy hotel. The design, style and decoration are very nice and modern. Staff and security are good. Parking is a bit far though. Slept and relaxed well. Amenities are awesome, and complete. Highly recommended!",4
3281, June 2018,Beware if you’re normal,"Front desk think they’re celebrities, fake nails and look down in weary travelers-parking is not included no matter what they tell you while booking. Two nights = $170 for valet. Only Bellman were down to earth",2
3282, June 2018,Row stay,"I thought it was great however the towel rack in the bathroom was broken and there was trash on the window sill in the bathroom when we checked in. Location was excellent but lines to check in were insane but once we got to the desk, staff was nice",4
3283, June 2018,Very very unsatisfactory,Cleanliness is a major issue.. no security to keep the drug dealers away from the front door.. or the aggressive panhandlers. Our room had hair and boogers on the bed+pillow. The floors were just gross.,1
3284, June 2018,Unappeased,"And not even a coffee maker. Thank goodness for Dunkin Donuts. Besides it being a close, neutral location to various events the rest was a let down. Each time we asked a concierge how to get somewhere, we were misdirected. They were close..",2
3285, June 2018,Great location if nothing special,"By far the best thing about this hotel is it’s location. We picked it based on a friend’s recommendation which was clear-eyed and concise so we knew what to expect. It’s not a top hotel although it’s not cheap but then what is in New York City? It’s a block from Times Square with all that goes with that, a block from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the A, C and E subway lines are practically at the front door. Each of these were important considerations for us. This was my second time to visit so I booked a larger room than the cereal box I stayed in last time which was worth the few extra dollars. The room was large enough although ‘spacious’ would be a considerable over-statement. We had a view of 8th Avenue which is not the best vista in NYC but then what do you expect",4
3286, June 2018,Thoroughly disappointing experience!,"What was advertised, I didn’t receive! My internet connection kept cutting off! I was hit with a number of hidden fees! Horrible experience! Staff were gracious but the package was falsely advertised! For that reason I would not come back !",1
3287, June 2018,Great hotel,A lovely hotel with excellent staff and amazing customer service in a good location. We were made to feel very welcome upon arrival and check-in was really quick and prompt. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking to stay near Times Square. It is also close to the Metro and Bus Station and Theatre District. Lovely bar with friendly staff.,5
3288, June 2018,"Rooms tooooo small, front desk too cold. Location, fantastic!","This hotel is in a great position. Very central too many Time Square type activities. The rooms are so small that two people cannot walk past each other. But yes, they were very clean. The price advertised was a joke. It shows up around $99 on the internet, but the taxes, really, the (fees more than anything), generated a bill of over $150+ plus day. The gentleman handling the bags and answering questions near the front entrance were very nice and informative. Worse thing is the wait in line was too long. Not based just on the customer waiting, but the fact that they had only 3 people behind the counter, when at least 6 would have worked. Plus, the ones behind the counter was rather cold, in their responses. Didn't like them.",2
3289, June 2018,too expensive,"we paid a blunder for a horrendous room, it had to be 4 star but a hostel would have had better rooms. we were very disappointed and will never return to this structure again, we feel cheated.I hope you can improve because the next customers are more satisfied.",2
3290, June 2018,Bad service and dirty room,Change the bedsheet and vacuum the floor properly! Can consider to paint the wall and do some renovation! Staff can be more polite And helpful! Please help to carry luggages for hotel guests from check in to check out. Luggage storage should be at the concierge and not at the back of some alley. More staff at the front desk as when we try to call no one is picking up.,1
3291, June 2018,Disappointing Visit,"Superb location which is why we have stayed here several times. This time was probably our last. Check in was a nightmare, given a room on 3rd floor down a dark smelly hallway. WIndows were so filthy you couldn't see out of them. Lobby was always packed with people (I don't know if tours gather here?). Different management????",3
3292, June 2018,ROW NYC - I’ll be back,Great place to stay. Excellent location. Steps from Broadway - walk to Central Park. Food court inside hotel had great options. Great place to meet for drinks. Easy walk to shopping and other food options.,5
3293, July 2017,Just average hotel. Not a great deal.,"Hotel is SUPER busy most of the day, crowded lobby, which is up on 2nd floor, rooms are extremely small. You can check in and out via the web, which is convenient, but there is also a ""resort"" fee, so when you add this to their low prices, it becoems more expensivcve than a same location, better or higher grade hotel.",3
3294, June 2018,LOVE Row NYC!,"This has become my favorite place to stay when we travel to the city. The cost, room size, staff and location are the best I have experienced in my many trips. We typically come in for a weekend and have always been able to get a room here, which is the largest room for the price of any other hotel I have used in the city.",5
3295, May 2018,"Good, but room for improvement","I stayed there with my daughter at the end of May 2018. Overall the hotel was good enough, but there is room for improvement. Very convenient location, just off Times Square. Reception staff were efficient, but not welcoming nor friendly - we spoke to 3 different reception staff during our five day stay, and not one of them gave us a glimpse of a smile! In contrast, the Bar staff were absolutely great, very friendly, fun and attentive with service. We could not fault them. Our room was small, but that didn't bother us, as we spent most of the time out and about. It could have been cleaner - dust on the bedside table and lamp and the carpet has seen better days. Bathroom and shower were OK. The air con from adjacent rooms was noisy - we didn't have ours on at night-time,",3
3296, June 2018,Fun in the city,Experience to remember. A drop in the bucket list. Enjoyable times and so close to time square. The beds are super comfortable. The noise level is next to none. Easy check in and check out process. Staff is amazing.,5
3297, June 2018,Not super happy,Small room with very loud air conditioner. The room was not very clean wich was a disappointment. The hotel style was trendy and pretty lound and automated. I personally prefer personal service and help at the concierce desk but here it was all self check in at machines.,3
3298, June 2018,GREAT AS ALWAYS!,Great over all customer service. from the time I checked in to the time checked out customer service over all was exceptional. I highly recommend Row Hotel NYC to everyone. Every time I need two come to NYC I always think of Row Hotel first.,5
3299, July 2017,Quick Stop over,"For a last minute booking, the hotel was good but not great. It is really a bedroom to change, shower and sleep. The hotel is situated within walking distances of most places - a little pricey for the room but clean and neat and helpful",4
3300, July 2017,Anniversary,"Really nice hotel, and in a great location, just two block to times square. Rooms are on the small side, but very clean. The staff are all wonderful. The city kitchen was very good, it had nice options for breakfast and lunch. Would recommend this hotel.",4
3301, June 2018,Visit to New York,"I have said I enjoyed my stay at Row, I am retired Navy Veteran and it was my first time back to NY in many years, I saw and did many of the things I used too do while stationed at the Brooklyn Navy Yard",5
3302, June 2018,Not worth the cost,"The bed sheets had stains.,rooms are super old. There was an iron burn/stain in the carpet and it felt dirty. The towels looked dingy and dirty. I was so glad it was only one night. I got a price on the Internet-due to my schedule I had to check out online -the cost was not the Internet price. I felt very disappointed.,",1
3303, June 2018,bad dreams,"the bed was the worst, the room is too little, too much noise in the halls, air conditioner is too noisy too, space in the bathroom so uncomfortable,,,,, I'll not recommend this hotel in the future, next year I'll go to another one",3
3304, May 2018,Great place and great staff,Every thing went wonderful at our stay at the Row. Check in was great and easy. In fact they upgraded our room at no charge. We have never stayed at a place that every thing went fine. We will be back. By the way. The elevators worked fine. Very quick and efficient.,4
3305, June 2018,Spend a bit more and get a better hotel room,You might as well get another hotel that is $30 a night more since they'lll spring that required fee on you when you arrive. Housekeeping is impossible to reach and they didn't show up our 2nd day. Found a dead bug in the bed. I was expecting a small room but it was so tiny there wasn't even room for luggage. You could only take 1 step in the bathroom. There wasn't a vent and would get really hot unless we left the door open. The elevators we used in the hotel smelled bad and were tiny.,1
3306, June 2018,Dirty,"No shower curtain. dust everywhere. Room was dirty and bathroom smelled like urine. Would not recommend this, very disappointed and was charged an extra $100 and was deceived about the final price....",1
3307, June 2018,"Good, but not great","Clean, and easily accessible to TSQ. A bit pricey for the size and quality of the room. I'll shop around a little more next time to get something better for the value. If the room had been as impressive as the rest of the property it would be great.",3
3308, August 2017,Great place to stay,The row is a really great place to spend the night it's quite and within walking distance to times square. Would stay again. The room was really small but all its for is sleeping and having a place that;s close to everything,5
3309, December 2017,Location is brilliant,"The standard rooms are small but very nice and clean. Staff are extremely friendly and happy to help. Hotel food & bar is reasonably and tasty I would definitely stay here again because the location is fantastic to time square, Empire State Building, Broadway & bus stops",5
3310, June 2018,"Clean, functional hotel with a gym","Comfy beds, clean with a decent gym. Water and ice machines on each floor. Ideal place to stay whilst in the city for business, providing you don’t mind the busy midtown area. I’d recommend for short trips.",3
3311, June 2018,Highly recommend,"The location is near from everywhere and hotel people is super kind. They let me check in early even with room upgrade. If I have chance to visit NY again, I'll absolutely stay in Row NYC again. Perfect!",5
3312, June 2018,Fun and Vibrant Stay,"The hotel is very clean, fun, young and vibrant. Booked a “city view” but it was a very very partial city view was disappointed in that but the rest of the experience was wonderful. Had a free breakfast with our room which was pasteries, Juice and a piece of fruit. It was free so whatever, right? The location can’t be beat for the price. We were seeing Phantom of the Opera and little to my knowledge is on the same street!! I informed them of the special occasion ahead of time (Wedding Anniversay, Birthday and my husband is Active Duty Military) so I sort of thought they would do SOMETHING in the room. Alas, nothing extra but that’s okay. Not expected but would have been a special addition.",5
3313, June 2018,A let down,"First and foremost it is important to note that we are hotel owners ourselves in Asia and may look at things a little differently. We booked this hotel due to the location and our neglect to stay at international brands. We thought the images online we nice and did not further check any reviews. As we arrived we were lucky enough to get directly to the desk where we were helped by a friendly receptionist. However it took him a good 15min to get our keys although we arrived at 9pm. Apparently they have over 1000 rooms but only a few receptionists. Once we had our keys we went straight to our rooms to sleep as we had a long journey. The next day we realized where we were and unfortunately our room was full of hair. On walls, bathroom curtain on the air-conditioner, etc. As we",2
3314, June 2018,Good stay,Good hotel. Well situated and very close to times square. Water and ice stations on various floors. Very handy as it helped to reduce the cost of buying water. Attached to the Sugar Factory and being a guest also got you a discount in other places,4
3315, June 2018,CLAUSTROPHOBIC HOTEL!,"We had a Deluxe window view BUT the room was literally 10x10! The bathroom was even smaller......you can shower, use the toilet and brush your teeth in the sink at the same time. The room was clean and location was good for all the Broadway Shows. The bathtubs liner was broken and a pool of water formed under it causing ""a waterbed "" effect in the shower! Although, for almost $300 a night....definitely not worth it!",3
3316, June 2018,Just the right deal around the corner of everything!,It is an ideal offer if you just like to sleep clean and comfortable for a fair price. And with Time Square just around the corner you can’t imagine a better hotel. We especially loved the vieuw to wake up with and fall asleep with.,5
3317, June 2018,Great stay and convenient location!,Great hotel and conveniently placed. The staff were amazing! Very friendly and very helpful. The hotel was clean and conveniently located in the heart of New York City. Our room was spacious and comfortable!,5
3318, June 2018,Great location and facilities,"We had 3 Rooms, 2 x 2 double bed rooms and 1 x double room. On arrival one of the rooms wasn’t clean, bad smell in bathroom and stained bed clothes but we were moved immediately. The others rooms were clean. All rooms were small but well equipped. The hotel bar and the attached city kitchen provided lots of choice for food if you didn’t want to explore, however the great location meant you had loads of choice all around you. I would stay at this hotel again.",4
3319, June 2018,"Location, location, location.",I have stayed here a number of times. The rooms are small but the beds are comfortable. Checkin is always chaotic and slower than I like. They make it difficult to change payment arrangements on arrival but you absolutely cannot beat the location.,4
3320, June 2018,So Convenient!,"The Row is in the ultimate location. We were able to walk around the corner to all the Broadway shows and the subway was steps away. The room was comfortable and quiet. Although the room was old and small, the staff made our stay very pleasant.",4
3321, June 2018,Could very easily have been a,"Room was fine and clean. It was big enough for three of us, but could have used a small coffee/tea maker with cups. Very convenient to shows and restaurants! Only real problem occurred before we even arrived and was incredibly mishandled by Row. I made this reservation through Booking.com. “Row” sent me a completely unsolicited email offer that if I shared the info about my stay on social media, they would give me vouchers for two drinks at their hotel for each single post on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. I posted on all three and should have received a total of six drink vouchers. Having not received the email vouchers they promised in their offer, I emailed Row for an update. Here’s their response: “Unfortunately, since this reservation was made through a third party,",4
3322, June 2018,"Rude staff, small non functional rooms. Put your money toward something better. You’ll be greatful you did!!","Only disappointing thing about this trip to NY was the hotel. Charge facility fees for facilities that didn’t work and when asked for them to be repaired, almost laughed at!! The room small, bath didn’t drain, no light bulbs in any lamps, sliding door in bathroom nearly dislocated my shoulder... do I need to go on!!! This hotel is all about the €€€ it makes if it’s clients NOT the customers that spend time there!!!",1
3323, June 2018,New York,"Great place to stay central for everything, rooms quite small but really clean comfy bed and everything you need hairdryer safe etc , staff very helpful and friendly, most attractions are within walking distance subway is on nearly every corner , first time in New York but certainly not the last .",4
3324, June 2018,Southern Hospitality in NYC,"Perfect location with lots of “southern hospitality” from staff. One “city” block here or there to great food, shopping and broadway shows. 1/3 of price of the hotel a block away we stayed earlier. Will definitely book again in future",4
3325, June 2018,nice hotel/deceptive pricing,"this hotel is a good value, but there $36 daily resort fee is deceptive--they are NOT a resort. Just charge the price you need to charge and be up front about it! this one act irritates me every time i check in here.",4
3326, June 2018,Comfy & Clean & Convenient!!!,"This hotel is PERFECT for us gals!! It’s safe, comfortable, & close to all activities.. especially the subway, Times Square & 5th Avenue!! Will stay here again. Only wish they would have a mini coffee maker",5
3327, June 2018,Value for money,"Great location, close to everything. Cleaning staff extremely friendly and helpful. Gentlemen that checked us in (I think his name was Ceaser, Brazilian) was extremely friendly and helped making us more comfortable.",4
3328, June 2018,The best location,"this hotel, is located very close to the theater where the Phantom of the Opera is presented, if you want to live the experience of staying in the heart of Manhattan this is a good option, just go out and you are surrounded by the vibe of times square, a place that makes you fall in love and leaves you the best memories of that beautiful city",4
3329, June 2018,Not for plus size people!,Bathrooms are so tiny and impossible for a plus sized person to maneuver much less fit on the toilet because it is wedged between a wall and the sink! I asked for a different room with a larger bathroom but they couldn’t accommodate me until the next day. Really? I guess I won’t use the restroom for over 24 hours sure no problem! 😡,2
3330, June 2018,Excellent location!,"Close to everything, 1 block from Times Square and Broadway, 15 minute walk to Central Park. Couldn’t ask for a better location. I’d definitely stay here if I travel to New York again. Rooms were comfortable.",4
3331, June 2018,Love this hotel in NYC!,Love love love the location! The city kitchen is very convenient and high-quality! The elevator system works well. First time I’ve been able to check in online and love that feature also. My 14 stay at The Row NyC and I will be back!,5
3332, June 2018,Perfect.,"We loved our stay, to be honest it was better than I expected. The staff were friendly, the lady who cleaned our room was so kind, she always checked in on us, the bartenders were also patient and attentive. Would stay again on my next trip.",5
3333, June 2018,Great location,"Third time staying at this property and we continue to return because of the location. Extremely close to theaters, restaurants and the subway. Wish the rooms were a little bigger, but it's New York and most hotel rooms tend to be on the smaller side.",5
3334, June 2018,Stayed i night,"Good, clean room. a little on the small side. Had a bit of trouble with the a/c. But it was taken care of. Can't beat the location. Most of the theaters are right around the corner. I would stay there again.",5
3335, June 2018,Excellent,The Row hotel is a great hotel to stay in. It offers everything. If you like a drink at night time there is a bar there or if you want to work out there is a gym. It’s suitable for everyone. The location is perfect close to all Amenities,5
3336, June 2018,Best hotel for New York!,"Stayed here for five nights, 9th - 14th June. Was worried after reading some of the reviews but needn’t of been as it turned out to be the best decision to stay here. Checking in was easy, met the renowned Ceaser, who checked us in no problem. Went to the lifts and had no problem seeing how they worked (see photos), explanation on key pads are easy to understand. Good security by the lifts as you had to show your key card to be able to use the lifts. Room was very spacious. Towels and bed cleaned and made up every day. Air conditioning was good. We were on the 3rd floor and by the second night the noise didn’t disturb us at all (and we live in the country where there it is totally silent at night, except for owls!). I think the amount of walking we were doing helped us to sleep!",3
3337, June 2018,Easy Peasy Hotel in Hell's Kitchen,"Loved staying here. So easy. Right close to Time's Square. Clean. Modern. Compact. Great Value. Close to the subway right downtown in Hell's Kitchen. Fantastic rooms and beds. Airconditioning. The room was a little tight, but how much time do you spend in your hotel room?",5
3338, June 2018,Good price/Great location/A few Problems,"Mold on wallpaper in bathroom, lightswitches were filthy. Great -actually PERFECT- location for Broadway shows, great bar, and we loved the kiosk that let us make our own keys. There is no mini-bar, so bring your own snacks.",3
3339, June 2018,Great time in NY,Great location and vibe! Our room was not big but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. We were on the 9th floor but never had to wait for an elevator. We would recommend this hotel to friends and family.,4
3340, May 2018,ROW NYC,"Easy and perfect location - short walk (10-15 min) to PENN and MSG, Good food and the desk was great with subway help and questions. Will stay again and nice that you have food on site now, would have Loved to have a bloody Mary at Bar in the am but was told no alcohol until 2pm? oh well ....",4
3341, June 2018,ROW NYC,Everything was as described. This was our second stay...obviously we would not have returned if we weren't satisfied the first time. The express and email check in check out is convenient as the desk line is lengthy even though there are adequate guest relations personnel. You absolutely cannot beat the location and onsite amenities.,5
3342, June 2018,I've stayed here a dozen times and love it.,Great location. Great price for NYC. It's a hip hotel and it is clean. Good service when you need it. I've stayed here on numerous occasions. Zen Kitchen is convenient for good food - since you're in the middle of Time Square it can be difficult finding non-tourist food.,5
3343, June 2018,"Go, ROW! Great staff, facilities, and location!","I very rarely take the time to write reviews, but the staff at ROW deserve the effort in return for their good service. All staff were wonderful, but I want to make special mention of the group of gentlemen working in the luggage storage area and Junior at check-in. The gentleman storing our luggage were friendly, professional, and made drop-off quick and easy. Thank you! As for Junior, I will say that there are many people who do their job well, and he certainly does his job professionally. But some individuals in customer service positions seem to find a greater purpose to their work, in terms of being helpful and making a human connection with their customers. Such individuals understand what it means to be hospitable and make guests feel welcome. I would",5
3344, June 2018,Great location,"Birthday trip for my son and I . Slight problem with our room not ready on arrival but Ceaser was great and waived the service fee. Excellent location, room was small but as expected with everything working ie Air con and all very clean . Beds comfortable. Was concerned prior to our trip with some of the online reviews but we needn’t have worried . Would definitely stay here again",4
3345, June 2018,Good,"Housekeeping was excellent. The room is very small and bathroom is cramped. Hotel extremely busy which caused some waiting for elevators. Overall good experience. Breakfast was very good for the cost with fresh fruits, juices and pastries.",3
3346, June 2018,The Good & and Bad,"The Good: This hotel is located at the corner of 8th Avenue and W 44th Street. Which means that it is literally just a two block walk from the beginning of Times Square. So you can get there quickly to see what is going on day and night. You can walk easily to it from the Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station and other nearby places. Coming out of the hotel, just turn right and go 13 blocks along 8th Avenue and it will bring you to Columbus Circle at the edge of central park. The gentlemen who store your bags on the lower level were nice, informative about local places and such. You can easily walk down to the Intrepid Carrier from this hotel. There are several good food shops in the area, like the Shake Shack and my favorite, Time Square Diner & Cafe (good food, not",3
3347, June 2018,Regular Hotel,"A small and noisy room. 2145. There are a lot of waiting for the elevators. The best thing about the hotel is the location of it. In the lobby hotel there were cockroaches , I killed one myself. Hotel staff in general were pleasant and attentive.",2
3348, June 2018,"Few hiccups, but very nice.","The location, staff friendliness, overall quality of the place & room were good. My only issue was the room choice. Paid for a superior, got a regular. Internet could also use improvements. Would still recommend though.",4
3349, April 2018,Very hip hotel without the amenities of one,"Overall the rooms are tiny, and there are lots of challenges with the property. Malfunctioning elevators are a key one. Tiny rooms are another. Difficult Front Desk staff was a total negative experience to start of my stay, after a 30 minute wait. Ice machines did not work, except one, and had to go down to 1 to get back to my room. While the property was very busy, it is apparent that it is not a service driven property. It's more like cattle car lodging. Recommend you stay elsewhere. The Intercontinental is half a block away, and is excellent!",2
3350, June 2018,Row NYC,"Overall, we enjoyed our stay. All the staff we spoke to were nice and helpful. Our room was small but met our needs. Row NYC is an affordable option in a great location. We will come back again in the future.",4
3351, June 2018,Nice Hotel in a Great Location,"I only stayed one night, but I had a very comfortable king size bed in a nice size corner room with awesome views of the sunset over the Hudson River and 8th Ave. The front desk staff were very helpful and polite.",5
3352, June 2018,"Interesting Elevators, Good rooms","It was my first stay at ROW NYC, it was for business and I'll be back. I had a nice room with a city view and it didn't feel too small. I will make sure I get a room with a window and a view. The staff was friendly and I'll be back for non work related travel.",4
3353, June 2018,Close but cramped,"Overall hotel is nice. The hotel in general is Very loud everywhere in the hotel. Wish there was a quite bar area to sit and talk. Rooms are VERY tiny. The fire alarm went off while we were there but could not understand the person over the loud speaker. Very poor/broken English. We thought he said testing, but I guess their was a small fire.",4
3354, June 2018,Good.,"Pretty Good, only problem was the toile is in between a wall and the bathtub, i didnt not fit in it. I had to put my let in the bathtub in prder to be able to use it, everythong else was good, location is great",4
3355, June 2018,most of the hotels in manhatten for this price/level are better,I think that charging handeling fee of 11$ (not o1 not 2 and not 5) per every box delivered to your hotel is best describes the type of the hotel because it does not have any other thing in its favore when comparing to its peers (no mini bar ' nothing). worst hotel i visited in manhattan.the only good thing i can say about this hotel is its WIFI in room/,1
3356, May 2018,The good the bad and the ugly,"Check in was easy but impersonal, check in online and make your own keys. All without talking to anyone. The 1st interaction with anyone was a security guard at the elevator who promptly sent me up the wrong elevator. The elevators were confusing and smelly. Once I figure them out it still was annoying. The rooms were tiny and the floors had a lot of debris left everyday. The bathrooms were super cramped. All said and done this hotel had the best location, unfortunately it was cold and uninviting. Rooms need a mini fridge.",3
3357, June 2018,Desapointed,"The room was not clean every day. The reservasion was supposed to be for breakfast but they have been removed for the same price. Booking.com have seen me for the last time, i will do business with expedia next time.",1
3358, June 2018,Location,"I found the location very walkable to all theaters, Times Square, 42nd Street, nearby restaurants and Port Authority. Check in was easy online and staff was all very personable. Lobby was always noisy and full of folks, seems very popular hotel for high school groups.",4
3359, June 2018,Very good-will return,"Over all very good, specially employee attentiveness and clean room. Also the security at the front of elevators was welcome since I was traveling alone. Centrally located, near Times Square, restaurants, theaters and transportation to other attractions like museums. A little bit concerned with hall lighting, found them somewhat dark.",4
3360, May 2018,Great stay,"Decent hotel very close to all the action. They upgraded our room which was nice, amenities were a bit pricey. Hotel lobby decor was beautiful but room furniture looked a bit worn at least in our room.",4
3361, June 2018,Wonderful hotel close to Times Square,"This hotel was perfect for our needs, it is a ten minute walk to Times Square and very clean. The only thing I would suggest is a coffee maker in the rooms and a fridge otherwise everything else was perfect! I recommend going to the bar district M, the bartender Jarrett was so friendly, attentive and outgoing and really made us feel welcomed. We even got to meet the manager Mauricio who was very gracious and welcoming! I recommend this hotel for close proximity to Times Square and good prices.",5
3362, June 2018,Good Location and Very Convenient,"Good Hotel near Times Square but behind it, therefore you won't have trouble getting to it. Hotel staff are excelled especially Mr. Junior who helped us getting our room and settled in. Ok-sized rooms in comparison to other hotels who have much smaller rooms for a higher cost. This is my third time here.",4
3363, March 2018,Great location for tourists - room size smaller than you expect,"First impressions were good, clean, nice lobby area, friendly and helpful staff (working for tips obviously!) but after checking in and opening our door to the room we were very disappointed. The floor space of the room wasn't even big enough to open our cases on the floor, it was a very tight squeeze. We went to reception who offered us an upgrade, at a cost, although it was a discounted cost, the upgraded room was better but not fantastic. I feel the rooms have a lot of foot traffic being a central hotel, the walls needed painting and the bathroom redecorating, the room just wasn't looked after. The bar/food outlet was very good though, expensive but nice portions and fresh food. Be careful of the added extra costs, when we booked we didn't see we had to pay a daily",4
3364, June 2018,"Perfect Area, Small Rooms, Big Area",The rooms were too small and the path while going to the room is very creepy. I look the city view room and the view was not all good. Not worth for the money spent. The only good thing about this hotel is the location its close to everything around times square.,3
3365, November 2017,Good central location,A good hotel close to Times Square. You can tell it’s been re vamped as some bits look painted over yet still a bit tatty. Don’t let this out you off though as it was a great place to set up base for a few days in NY. The rooms are very small but functional. The lobby is great with entertainment on some evenings in the bar. I would definitely return and would recommend to others.,4
3366, July 2017,Disappointed,"I made reservations 2 months in advance. We arrived to the hotel at 2am Memorial Day weekend, because our flight was delayed. Since we arrived after check in they sold our room. They didn’t have any rooms for the night. They pretty much just kicked us out. We had nowhere to go! My husband and I started calling every hotel until we finally found one. This was just terrible! I wish this hotel would have called me or something to ask about my reservations.",1
3367, June 2018,bus tour,"Our bus tour arranged for us to stay at the Row. A great location, clean room though small but not by New York standards. We didn't eat or drink there so cannot comment. I did have a coffee one morning but it was cold. The staff was courteous - I had to use the bathroom after checking out but had no issues having the courtesy desk person give me a pass card. It is abit dated but that did not matter to us. There is a safe in the room. Wheelchair accessible.",3
3368, June 2018,Rude staff awful service,I have booked this trip via Expedia. I opted for paying at the hotel- wish I didn’t as they overcharged me by £100. Also room I was given was right next to elevators. So every time anyone was coming back from night out I was woken up by the noise. Also when people punched numbers in for lift- it was noisy in the room. The room was very dusty. I don’t think they should bother with advertising that they offer internet- as it never worked whilst I was there. I have stayed at older hotels in NYC before that were better managed. Would never consider Row again.,1
3369, May 2018,New York stay,We were very happy with the Row NYC. The hotel was very a short walk to Times Square. Our room was on a high floor with a view of the street. The room was small but comfortable. We had breakfast included and we enjoyed a choice of 4 places to have it,4
3370, May 2018,Terrible Experience,I travel to NYC a lot and am not one to have negative things to say but this experience was so terrible. From the moment we checked in the woman looked like she was completely stoned and couldn't put a sentence together. No eye contact and literally just flat out rude. I know that NY is notorious for small rooms but this was beyond small. The bathroom was so small that a small garbage can was placed in the centre which really took up the whole floor. I didn't find the beds comfortable and the hallways were extremely noisy. Do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else,1
3371, June 2018,Great stay at NY ROW,"Location was amazing, simple check in (It can get a bit busy at certain times of the day), and check out was easy using the express checkout system. The Lobby can be very noisy and busy, once your on your floor the noise dissipates :)",5
3372, June 2018,Girls trip,GORGEOUS hotel and so close to everything - the location was perfect. The rooms were gorgeous and the staff were so helpful. We got to keep our room key when checking out as a souvenir. We didn't eat int he hotel but the food looked yummy!,5
3373, June 2018,Different hotel experiences.,Little pricey. Close to everything. The tub was a little strange felt like I was on a water bed. Little different kind of room it had a big sign on the wall saying Open 24 Hours. But I guess you want to stap in hip hotel than stay at the ROW.,3
3374, June 2018,"Huge room, nice view, accommodating staff.","Upon check in, we were requested to wait a few moments since they had yet to prepare our room. As it was already 5 pm, I told the staff that I was surprised that our room is not prepared and ready for us. Apologetically, the staff said that she would upgrade us to a bigger room. Indeed, it was. So glad we had a huge, comfortable bedroom with equally huge bathroom and a great city view. We stayed for 5 nights and it was marvellous. One thing though, the elevators had foul smell at times.",5
3375, May 2018,For those on a budget & not interested in aesthetics,"Our firm's travel agent booked me into this hotel. Upon my arrival I had the sense of a BUZZ of people - lots of young [ 13 - 16 yr. olds to millennials], flight attendants, etc. The hotel is located almost in Times Sq. so if location is your most important thing then this is a good spot. For me, the hotel is old and even though a renovation was done, the sense was that it was overly lived in. The furniture, laminate, was peeling and the lighting was harsh. The air conditioner is on the celling and vented directly at the bed. All in all - I knew within a few minutes of walking the room that I would't be comfortable there. It looked overly lived in and the HVAC system would keep me up at night - I called down and asked for the manager. I explained to him I wouldn't be",3
3376, March 2018,George MTL,Room was just right for us. Not big but we only used it to sleep. Hotel is close to everything. Caesar at the desk was especially helpful and courteous. The only problem was that for some reason we were unable to make calls to Canada,4
3377, May 2018,Pictures do not reflect reality,"Small room and bathroom, the beautiful pictures at the site do not reflect the real rooms. In prticular the barhroom is too small. Wifi is sometimes slow. But rooms were clean, friendly personell. It was not possible to book breakfast via booking.com",3
3378, June 2018,"Awful smell, funky room",I just checked in a few minutes ago and my room literally smells like a garbage can. It’s so bad. And it’s really beat up in a whole bunch of different ways. See the pictures. I went into the bathroom and there was literally like a handful of public hair on the sink. I’m not joking. It’s so dirty and smells bad and I’m stuck here for two days. Very disappointing to take my daughter on a big trip to New York and see her face the moment we walked in. It’s filthy.,1
3379, June 2018,well located for a good price,"the hotel should charge separately for use of the wifi in the room for use of the gym, instead of charging a one-time resort fee for both services, including for those who do not use the gym; or else already include the service in the amount of the daily, as it confuses the consumer who pays a higher price at the end",4
3380, June 2018,Worse than I expected...,Daily cleans service was not professional. (Sometime bed making wasnt done) wifi connection was weak and unstable in the room. Great location but I won’t choose Times Square area next time as it’s super busy area. stressful to walk between subway to hotel,3
3381, June 2018,Great Stay,"Clean and quiet. My family and I had a great stay at this iconic hotel. The room was small, but given the location, it was perfect for my business purposes and provided easy access to attractions and transportation. We'll be back.",4
3382, May 2018,"Good location, but badly maintained hotel","Hotel is in a prime location near Times Square, but the rooms aren't cleaned well, and the bathrooms are very small. Rooms aren't well maintained, and furnishings are quite damaged. Lifts take a very long time to arrive as well.",2
3383, April 2018,Great Welcome and Stay,I was visiting NYC with my 13 year old daughter and could not have asked for a warmer check-in by the wonderful and friendly Cesar who surprised us with a room upgrade. My daughter was thrilled to suddenly a bed to herself. We loved the comfortable room and awesome location. Not to mention the great view we had of Broadway from our window. The staff were all so friendly and always willing to help. It was our first time at Row but definitely not our last. The stay really made our mother-daughter vacation special.,5
3384, June 2018,Excellent!,"The staff at the Row NYC are more than accommodating and wonderful. They were so pleasant and kind, they made check in and check out so quick and easy! Location is 10/10, not too loud but close to everything. Keep in mind this is clearly not a 5 star resort, but if you’re in NYC you shouldn’t be spending too much time in the room anyway! The room I found to be spacious for the city, and very clean. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom had decent lighting. I would absolutely stay here again. There are many places to eat around the area, close to theaters and Times Square. I couldn’t have asked for a better stay, thanks Row NYC! Would definitely stay here again!",5
3385, May 2018,Room review,While the location is good The room sizes are terrible. Even the queen double room meant for occupancy of 4 was terrible The size of the bath is abysmal . While the charges are comparable to the other hotels in the area the rooms are disappointing,3
3386, June 2018,Always Great,"The location couldn't be better for Broadway and nightlife. There are many restaurants and specialty shops within a short walking distance. The staff are always friendly and professional, the rooms are a little small but are safe,clean, and comfortable.",5
3387, May 2018,"Great Location, Broken-down Hotel","We chose Row NYC as the hotel for our stay based on its location near the Broadway theaters we planned on frequenting. We were not disappointed on that point! The main purpose of our trip was to see Dear Evan Hansen at the Music Box theater, which was literally just around the corner. The hotel was also within easy walking distance of Times Square, the New York Public Library which houses Christopher Robin's original Pooh toys, and the Empire State Building, which were all other things we wanted to see while visiting NY. There were so many great places to eat in the area we never had to go farther than across the street or just down the block. The other positive attribute of this hotel is the people who work there. They were all extremely helpful and polite. We did the kiosk",2
3388, June 2018,There and back again,"This was our second consecutive year to visit NYC and stay at the ROW. Our accommodations exceeded last year's as the room was pristine. The rooms aren't extravagant but they are comfortable and quiet. Most importantly, the staff display a welcoming culture that allays any anxieties the hubbub of the theatre district might provoke. We'll be back!",4
3389, May 2018,Going Down Hill,"The ROW NYC is in a great location for Times Sq, and a number of other sites, and we have always been warmly welcomed in the past. This trip we see a huge decline in the level of service, when i brought to the teams attention an issue, i was advised it was my fault. The concierge service was of no help at all, i asked about booking services twice and on both ocasions they just told me to",2
3390, May 2018,"Nice, fair priced place near Time's Square","A good choice for a budget hotel in NYC. Rooms are not too small..and the facility is old. But the service and the location more than make up for it. For the price, it's a good choice for NYC. The downstairs City Kitchen is a great bonus",3
3391, May 2018,"Great stay, great location",Amazing location and friendly staff. The rooms are a little tired but the beds are very comfortable! Would recommend the hotel because of its convenience - everything you need is available. A great base for a trip to New York.,4
3392, June 2018,Highly recommend!!s..,This is our go to hotel when we visit NYC. You will not be disappointed. Quite clean modern rooms. The elevators come quick with minimal wait time. Staff is friendly and helpful. Food is close to the hotel and resaonably priced,5
3393, June 2018,Clean and comfortable,Bed were small but comfortable everything was spotless and the location is amazing. However in the middle of the night while me and my friend were sleeping an employee opened our room door. Other than that it was a nice stay.,5
3394, May 2018,Good,"Stayed for a week. Value for money is good as the room was nice and the location is fabulous, very close to Times Square, hop on hop off buses, restaurant row etc. Staff are mostly friendly, we had a little trouble with the concierge not providing correct information on a few occasions but otherwise, a nice place to stay in NYC.",4
3395, May 2018,Close to theatres Times Square and Rockefeller Center,Great value for its location walking distances to many sought after locations and food. Great rooms but would’ve loved queen beds. Very modern feel and loved the ability to goneifr next door for breakfast with many amazing varieties of donuts! Also liked the hotel rate on parking that was offered right around the corner from the hotel,4
3396, May 2018,"Location saves it. Could be better, could be worse.","Stayed for 5 nights, in this hotel. Great location, 20 mins in either direction and you hit a tourist spot or sightseeing bit. 2 blocks from Times Square, brilliant. Hotel though..is a bit dated in areas Our room wasnt spectacularly clean, even with maid service, (I don’t think they wiped the tables, dusted etc) sheets and towels were done and bathroom sink was cleaned but bath and maybe toilet weren’t. They did vacuum. The electrical point in the bathroom was wonky and it just seemed like the room needed updating, and this was a queen room, god help if it was a standard. Also a queen room, with a door that led next door which we didn’t ask for... However the room itself was ok, had a tv with loads of channels and the bed was comfy. But to be fair you’re in New York,",3
3397, May 2018,Staff made the difference,I arrived at 5 am from a mid night flight. The online check in was a great comfort to know that my room was ready but on checking in... the personal touch of the front desk staff made the difference. During my stay I had quite a few questions and request. The front desk staff were always helpful and friendly. Even Olivia in housekeeping on the third floor was ultra helpful... if she didn't know she got her boss to ask the required department to assist. Due to this level of consistent professionalism ... when i had to extend my stay due to airline problem... I stayed right at the ROW NYC. Great job team...,4
3398, June 2018,My perfect spot in the big city,"General Interior Design is at the top, lighting and atmosphere is on point. Best of all, the deliciouss smell and the fact that it fells fresh scented everytime I pass through the main entrance Beds are nice to sleep and shampoo and other bathroom supplies smells the same so you can relate sensations very well. Convinience store is small but has it all you need and the gentelman is a lovely and warm sr you can talk to You fell secure as in order to get in to the elevator you need to show you room key",5
3399, May 2018,super location,"The Row has been our hotel several times now as the location, just off Times Square, can't be beat. The smart elevators make for ease in getting around the hotel, even large -- and tall -- as it is. We appreciate being near Restaurant Row and especially Club Swing 46, a retro supper club with great swing music.",5
3400, June 2018,Location location location,"Hotel is located in the middle of the Times Square . You can walk to everything . Unfit the building is old, rooms and tiny and even though staff is trying to keep them clean, they are old and I would say shady. If you are looking for a bed to stay in the grate touristy location, you got it. If you are looking for a more luxurious room, this is not the place.",3
3401, May 2018,Suburb location just off Broadway/ Times Square,Initial impression is of large youth hostel but don’t be put off this hotel works so well for all ages. From check in to leaving worked like clockwork. Minimal staff contact required but always there if you need them. Online check in worked well and key pick up fast. Lifts worked well in even very busy times as you key in floor and you are allocated a lift. Rooms small but has everything you’d ever need. As with all central city hotels a deal of background traffic and city noise.. I’d ask for a high floor no. New York never sleeps. Perfect little cation a stones throw from Broadway and Times Square. Subway just across road. Several good restaurants nearby... nothing to fault.,5
3402, June 2018,Good,"Is a nice hotel , location is excellent , staff was very helpful and friendly , bathroom nice and clean , room clean and bed very comfortable I will stay at this hotel again And can recommend to my friends",4
3403, May 2018,Could be better,"The bathroom is too small to comfortably sit on the toilet. The paint is peeling on the doors and trim. The price was good. Breakfast was one pastry, one piece of fruit, one juice, and coffee. I have to have 200 characters in my review so this last sentence is filler.",3
3404, February 2018,"Hip, Contemporary yet affordable","Ideal & convenient location, not to mention affordable for the area too. Just a few minutes walk from Times Square's attractions, Bars, Restaurants and shopping galore. This hip, contemporary Hotels offers basic and essential amenities, which includes Free WiFi and a complimentary Internet Lounge. Check in/out was friendly and quick! Stayed in a Premium City View Room which are on the highest floors, decorated in red displaying ""REST""aurant and offered scenic views of Manhattan.",5
3405, May 2018,Perfect for my needs,"Had a great time. Got early checkin (after some email adventures) room was small but clean, WiFi worked fine, location for seeing a play was ideal, City Kitchen was inside and lots of choices. Front desk was busy but not too busy. Good security. Doorman was pretty useless on directions and gave poor recommendations for local NY Pizza, but that could just be a matter of taste.",5
3406, May 2018,"Good location, loud rooms","This is a clean, safe hotel in a great location near Times Square and Broadway. The only problems I've had staying here is noise. The air conditioning unit in the room was so loud, it made sleeping difficult. And the walls must be non-insulated, because I could hear the TV and conversations in the next room as clear as though they were in my room.",5
3407, June 2018,Perfect place to stay,I was a bit apprehensive about staying here as reading the reviews it seemed hit and miss but I can honestly say it is amazing!!!! Our room was a corner one with incredible views #2423 and it is in the most perfect location for a first visit to New York! I couldn’t recommend it enough :),5
3408, May 2018,Overall excellent experience.,"Great location, good price, where I always stay when in New York. I look forward to many more stays here in the future. Also easy check in and check out, and I like the smart elevators. Overall an outstanding experience as always.",5
3409, May 2018,Always pleasant to attens.,"3rd time in the Row. Location. Room quality and service makes it suitable for NYC. Good price quality and nice environment. Great Guest Service!!!! (Even though u missing breakfast, everything is there) walking distance. Huge hotel and comfortable room. You are in NYC and you are not all the time in the room,bed is very comfortable. Great package delivery service. Enjoy!! Good staff,cleaninless and kind and polite staff.",5
3410, June 2018,Very clean and comfortable,My wife and I found this hotel to be quite accommodating during our two-night vacation stay. The hotel location is great and the staff is very polite. I would recommend it to anyone planning a visit to NYC.,4
3411, May 2018,Great location. Solid hotel,"This hotel ain’t anything fancy, but the location is amazing. It’s an older building you can tell, and the walls are super thin. But overall it was great. Small room but you don’t need much when you’re in NYC. Just a place to sleep! I definitely recommend.",4
3412, May 2018,The vacation to gateway of US,"The hotel location is the best , just a block away from the famed Times square, the place to visit. There r plentiful of restaurants, bars , fine dining places just next to row NYC. The reception is at first floor and u have to look for it as nobody guides u. The check in was crowded and has quite long waiting time. But thats ok for place like manhattan hotel. The staff at checkin seems not be familiar with international travellers and their needs. It is kind of robotic receptiin. The rooms are small but this is the best u could get in center of manhattan. They give u water pouches and water dispensing machine access for free. A MUCH needed thing in US. Sometimes u feel claustrophobic in the gallery to rooms and spooky as well. I could not find any traveldesk that cam help u",3
3413, June 2018,Excellent service and location!,I had a wonderful experience with REINA during check-in! Not only was she pleasant and knowledgeable but she took the time to answer my questions and was a tremendous help. This location is very convenient-prime location.,5
3414, May 2018,No customer service at all,No welcome greeting when checking in & no apologies for a long wait. Hotel was aware our stay was a special occasion which they advised they documented but reception didn’t mention this. After I pointed this out they said they will arrange a complimentary bottle of wine for my wife 40th. Again no apology for not picking up on the special occasion. No bottle of wine was ever delivered to our room even after I enquired about this nothing more was done by them. Bathroom wasn’t clean as you would expect hairs in bath & carpet not hoovered. Also room carpet was the same & crumbs at side of bed. Two lamps either side of the bed where covered in dust not what you expect from a 4* hotel. The bathroom door had a hole in it after something had been taken off the door & was left just as it,1
3415, May 2018,Good location,"A really good location if you want to be in the midst of things. Rooms are quite basic but we spent limited time there. It’s noisy, which is okay because your 100m from Times Square but we were placed next to a huge industrial fan that made sleep impossible so had to request a move.",4
3416, May 2018,Modestly priced but modestly appointed,"We stayed at the Row NYC for 5 nights and paid a reasonable amount for a Times Square hotel, but the room was very small and lacking in amenities. The room was clean and staff were helpful, but the lack of space made storage of luggage and clothes for 2 adults and 2 kids challenging. There was no refrigerator or coffee maker, so forget about taking leftovers back to the hotel with you. Beds were comfortable albeit a bit soft for us. Street noise from the 11th floor was moderate but not disruptive, and was drowned out by the loud air conditioner. Basically, it's a decent value hotel but you do give up a lot for the convenience of staying in Times Square.",3
3417, May 2018,NCY Girls Trip,This location was central on 8th in the theater disttrict but the rooms were very small and no other ameneities were really availabile. The gentleman at the luggage check were nice but demanding of tips.,2
3418, May 2018,Great location for Time Square and Broadway shows.,"Just spent an enjoyable four night at the Row NYC. We have been coming to NYC to enjoy the Broadway Shows and have always taken advantage of the Row NYC (Milford Plaza) for many years and have always enjoyed our stay even during the major renovation project. The people are friendly and very helpful, the room was a nice size with have a theater theme and of course the location is right in the middle of the theater district and Time Square is only a short walk away. My only comment is be aware of the additional Resort Fee, that is added to the room rate each night in addition to taxes and occupancy fee, in excess of $30 per night. For us the only thing we used was the internet service. So why not include the Resort Fee in the price?",5
3419, May 2018,:),Dear Row NYC staff. Thank you so much for the upgrade! Was nice to stay at your hotel and the view from our room was amazingly great!! We would come again! The staff were very nice! Hope to see you soon,5
3420, May 2018,Room in Row,"Love the Row, its location, front desk personal and amenities. Great rooms and pricing for what you get room size. I recommend the Row 100% . For this I stay at the Row 3 to 4 times a month. Manhattan is expensive , the Row is a value...",5
3421, May 2018,Superb,"Great hotel, ideal location, clean rooms.... excellent choice. Times sq and all theatres so close. Loads of food outlets nearby which are cheaper than the main names in Times Sq. loved staying here, definately recommend.",5
3422, May 2018,Glenn,"Watch out for the hidden charges I had two rooms for four nights and had to pay an extra £213.60 for services i didn't use. I have stayed at this hotel before with no problems, but will not be going back as i feel i have been taken advantage of.",2
3423, May 2018,Low value,"Overall, it wasn’t worth the price I paid. The room was really dirty and was just way too tiny, which was strange because I’ve stayed in another Row room and it was fine. A better hotel is probably a stones throw away.",2
3424, May 2018,Visit to New York,Excellent visit to New York sightseeing. Hotel was in an excellent location to Access all the major sights. We had a very comfortable stay at the Row. The rooms were clean and maid service every day. We were given a water bottle on arrival and there were water dispensers on various floors to fill Your bottle. This was really useful and good to take for your daily sight seeing trips. Would recommend this hotel.,5
3425, May 2018,Central location to all things,Good comfy clean room if not near the lifts . Good centeral location to Times Square and other places of interest. Breakfast and bar prices a little on the expensive side but hotel rates . Plenty of places to eat out or bring back . Saying all that it was my second visit to this hotel in Two years,4
3426, June 2018,Started Great and went downhill quickly,Our stay started out great. We were a bit early and the person at the desk allowed us to check in early. Downhill from here. Our premium city view room was obstructed by a brick balcony of some sort (2409 was our room number). The room only had two pillows. We called and were never brought extra ones. We had to call again and finally they were brought. The fixture around the knob on the bathroom was falling off. Day 2 nobody came to clean our room and we didnt get back until 4 to shower quick before we left. But we didnt have clean towels. While we were getting ready to go to our show an announcement came through a speaker saying they were investigating a fire alarm and then we heard sirens heading towards our hotel. The elevators were also shut down. It turned out to be,2
3427, May 2018,Dirty blankets,"As soon as you open the door, you can perceive the dirty smell, but the most discusting thing was finding the blanket, sheets and pillow case dirty and stinky. I call the room service and they transfer my call to the lobby and no one picked up. I called again and the said",2
3428, May 2018,We always enjoy ROW NYC,Hotel is located perfect to all attractions. Rooms are always clean and staff is friendly and inviting. I asked for a corner room and was given a great room on the 24th floor with a nice view of the city. My wife and I stay at the ROW hotel 4-5 times a year when we visit New York city.,5
3429, May 2018,Went above and beyond to help me,"This hotel is in the perfect location and for a great price. We spent no time waiting to check in and check out. Everything was very fast and convenient. Room was clean and always maintained throughout our stay. In addition, although the room was a bit small, the view on the 14th floor was great; we had the deluxe city view, which was near the corner and we had a good view of some buildings and Shake Shack across the street. I would definitely stay at Row NYC again not only for the great stay, but also for the helpful people. Maxwell and his security staff did everything in their power to assist me in a special request in having my forgotten bag sent in a cab to meet me at JFK before my flight. They maintained communication with me before, during, and after my bag was on its way",5
3430, May 2018,Cesar - The man!,"Best thing for me at this hotel was that the staff was so friendly. Especially when I checked in, Cesar really helped me out! Since I was staying at the hotel for over 25+ days for a ""longer"" work trip, he made sure I had the best most convenient and probably one of the bigger rooms at this hotel - which was great and just what I needed. The breakfast is expensive, but walk a few streets up or down and get a fresh coffee or whatever you need for less... It's NY! The rest of the staff always had a smile on their faces, and the room service was great. I'm normally not a big fan of the cleaning/room services on longer trips like this but again, no complaints! Thanks guys!",4
3431, April 2018,Bad cleaning service and noisy,"I have to say that the best thing about the hotel is the location, but there is a lot of noise from the street. A lot. You also heard everything from the next room. The room is fine, comfortable bed, nice views. We had a bad experience too with the cleaning service since they did not clean the room for 3 days of the 5 that we stayed there, after claiming it for two days and after insisting a lot they returned the corresponding money to the cleaning service for 5 days, which its not enought at all for getting to your room and having it dirty after all day outside. We had to ask for clean towels during those nights, it was unfair for the money we paid. The breakfast is not worth much, it is expensive and very little to gather strength and discover the city. To sum up,",2
3432, May 2018,Early check in and late check out is a plus!,"Rooms were clean but small. Early check in and late check out was a great bonus. Take out food was ok, but expensive. Location was great.. not too close to the busy side of Broadway. Would stay there again.",4
3433, May 2018,Stay before and after cruise,Cesar and Junior at the front desk are the best. Great hotel....great location. Stayed the day before and after a cruise. Just a 15 minute walk to the cruise pier. Will definitely stay at the ROW NYC again.,5
3434, April 2018,I would not go back,The only important aspect was Location Unbeatable 6am there was hot water with -3 degrees C And the answer was the person in charge starts at 7am I was coming back to NYC after 10 days moving around and reception desk refused to keep a big puppet I had been given at Uniqlo,3
3435, May 2018,perfect location,The location was grate the room was what ever I only used it to sleep. The bed and pillows were amazing. The room was clean and the housekeeping was on top of it. I do believe the only thing I strongly did not like about the room was the fact that the bathroom door did not close and lock. The bathroom doors slide and have big Gaps in them so it’s uncomfortable to go number 2 if you are in a room with friends.,3
3436, May 2018,Amazing hotel for all,"Had a wonderful time had a room upgrade fruit delivered to our room amazing views over the city and Hudson. The beds were so comfy slept very well and being on the 22nd floor heard hardly any traffic noise a little from people walking past our room but that’s to be expected in a large hotel, cleaning was daily and not bad could have run the vacuum over once in the five days but we are quite clean people so no problem I would definitely go back for a fourth visit to the hotel",4
3437, May 2018,great location,The hotel is in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very small but adequate for 2 people. The only thing I really didn't like was that the hallways are very dark and our room was in a little corner out of the way which didn't make us feel safe.,4
3438, April 2018,The row went above and beyond !!,"I have stay in this hotel 6 times,the staff can never do enough for us and a great location. But on my last trip in April, they helped me arrange a surprise that Made my friends first experience to NY & his 40th Amazing.Thank you so much. Already booked up for 2019 see you then !",5
3439, May 2018,The pictures told a different story,"The quality of this hotel was not what I expected for a hotel in Midtown Manhattan. The elevators smelled like urine and was filthy, when I booked the room the pictures was telling a very different story than what I got to experience. They are in serious need of renovations, I could be woken at 3 am by people in the hallway screaming at each other so soundproofing would be a good idea. The location was good considering it was one block away from Times Square.",2
3440, May 2018,Cathy,Great location great amenities in the lobby city kitchen off very nice variety of food at very reasonable prices Bathrooms were very tight and the sliding door did not offer enough privacy while using the bathroom,3
3441, May 2018,"Great location, dirty hotel & small","The location couldn't have been better; however, if you want the world's tiniest room and a dirty room and bathroom you should stay here. We will not be back. Terrible beds! You pay the price for the location since it's in Times Square.",1
3442, May 2018,Wow!,"Wonderful & beautiful hotel!!! Can’t wait to come back. Service was great, very helpful, and felt welcomed. Rooms were nice, spaces and cleaned. Close to Times Square and many places to eat and shop!!",5
3443, May 2018,Location is good,"Staff was indifferent/seemed like we were inconveniencing them. Room was clean enough, bed ok. Our last day there it was obvious someone had been in our room and rifled through our belongings (lights on that had been off, things moved, knocked off table). But there was nothing of value in there anyway. We had to check out in the wee hours gor our red eye flight home, so we let it go.",4
3444, May 2018,Location is the best quality of this hotel.,"Location, location, location. Aside from that I strongly recommend spendig as little time in the hotel room as possible. There is a lot room for improvement when it comes to the cleanliness of the room and bathroom, the smell of stuffiness in the room, the smell in the elevators, the loudness of the air con every time it kicks in, though the air con worked, which is a plus!",3
3445, May 2018,Great Location,"Great location close to everything around time square, and the theater district. The hotel was clean. We were given poor information regarding parking. There was not any valet parking that we could find. And we had to find the preferred parking lot and you must get your parking validated.",4
3446, May 2018,Lower Expectations,"Pictures are much nicer online than in reality. Quality of interior was not nearly as high as it is made out to be. Things are old, broken, and seems run down. However, Great location in Times Square area. Beds are comfortable. A/C was fantastic. Friendly door men and baggage men, but front desk workers lack customer service skills. The hotel served it's purpose, but won't stay there again.",3
3447, May 2018,"Convenient, clean, and priced well, but rough around the edges","I stayed here with my family over Memorial Day weekend. It is very close to the Broadway theaters. For the price (much cheaper than many others) this hotel is a very good option in Times Square. The lobby is a typical Times Square train station, with many people coming and going and large groups gathering. The hotel seemed to be making an effort in the security area by putting “bouncers” on the main entrance. But we were not asked to display a key card during our stay and we were able to use the elevator without swiping a room key. Our room on the 18th floor facing 8th Avenue was clean and quiet. I would recommend a room away from the elevator, which is possibly the noisiest I have ever encountered. The hallways were dark and very warm, but the room air conditioning worked",4
3448, May 2018,Last trip to the NYC,I was really excited for my first time ever in NYC to be crushed by my experience at this hotel. It's a great location next to everything that someone would love to see. The front desk staff really needs to work on many things before I ever decide to come back.,2
3449, May 2018,INCREDIBLE LOCATION,"Stayed at the Row for a business conference in Times Square. The lobby is fantastic. The food court inside the hotel is AWESOME! We ate at the Sugar Factory in the Row every single night for dessert. The room was expectedly small, but very cool design and space-maximized. Insider tip: be sure to ask for a room on a higher floor so you don’t hear the subway all night. Word of caution, Times Square does not sleep - it was loud ALL NIGHT. Anyway, after the first two nights, we acclimated to the noise and it was more than worth it. This is a SUPER COOL hotel in the middle of all things happening. We will stay here again.",4
3450, April 2018,Great location,"Stayed here for 4nights with hubby, great location near Times Square and Broadway infact our room looked out onto broadway at the back of the hotel. Room was on the smaller size but big enough for what you need it for let’s face it in New York your not in it much just to sleep even though it’s the city that never sleeps. Room was clean,loved the day and night blinds, tv,hairdryer,iron & ironing board, little bottles of shower gel and shampoo etc, and complementary water bags to carry about. Staff very friendly and helpful and we enjoyed a few drinks at night, bar staff also friendly didn’t eat there so can’t comment on that. Room was cleaned everyday,requested extra pillow at reception and it was brought up to our room. Downside was a constant humming in the room which got",4
3451, May 2018,Expensive ... not a good value,This hotel was just okay ... I felt it was expense for what you get .. the room itself is super small ... the hotel is dated with the exception of the main level which is where all the money has been spent ... the city kitchen. We had subpar service ... waited 15 mins for salads on a Monday at 8pm with no one in line ahead of us Won’t stay here again,2
3452, May 2018,Great Stay in NYC,"Great location. Friendly staff. Definitely Recommend. Great location if u want to be close to Times Square. Lots of bars and restaurants to choose from, great shopping,easy access to subway if u are adventurous enough to give it a go.. Overall very pleased with the property friendly staff and very helpful..Will definitely be back and won’t hesitate to recommend to family and friends..",5
3453, May 2018,"Superb location, OK service, noisy rooms","The good: 1. Location: splendid, a couple of blocks away from Broadway theaters and Times Square 2. Rooms: very clean and fresh 3. Elevator: excellent setup based on entering the desired floor on a keypad and getting directed to one of the many cars. Super practical for a skyscraper. 4. Lounge/bar: nice and friendly The bad: 1. Rooms: small and NOISY. There's a constant buzzing noise of unidentified origin (not from A/C) that does not subside at night. It is *loud*. I'm a light sleeper and could not sleep without earplugs. YMMV. 2. Front desk/reception: a bit disorganized. It took them a while to agree to honor the group rate that we had booked and confirmed. Overall, a good hotel; we got a great group rate and at that price point it is a 5 star property. I'm not sure it's",4
3454, May 2018,Row NYC Hotel,Location excellent. City Kitchen selection of vendors available really good and the quality of the food and hours of operation excellent. Room cleanliness could have been improved. Staff friendly and approachable.,4
3455, May 2018,Good location but not too clean,"The rooms were OK, the bathrooms tiny. It wasn’t very clean at our arrival, and the cleaning staff dropped and left our belongings on the floor and in quite a mess... Location is very good though and you can use the sports facilities (indoor cycling) next door which is nice (albeit pricey).",3
3456, May 2018,"Great location, ok hotel","We stayed for 3 nights and paid a high price due to nyc being busy (all hotels had hiked up their prices) and we booked late. Great location couldn’t fault this. Hotel was average and rooms were rather tired, eg worn fittings, chipped paintwork, marked surfaces etc. Room was clean and air conditioning worked very well. Be aware of the daily ‘resort type fee’ (I think it was $35 a day?), which in my opinion is just a sneaky way to increase the room rate, although it’s sold as including WiFi and use of an exercise room. (WiFi should be standard anyway!). And before the hotel respond, yes I have no doubt it’s in the small print. If you can get this hotel for a good price location would make it a good deal.",3
3457, May 2018,Row is the best hotel to stay in NYC!,"I enjoyed a lot being in Row during my vacation in NYC. The hotel is very well located and it was awesome to visit beautiful and touristic places around it. And the bed is so good to rest after walking all day long. I liked a lot making the check in with the employee in the reception named Junior, because he made all the difference when me and my cousin first arrived. He talked to us about the hotel and the city and made us feel special and welcome. I loved it!! Eu gostei muito de ficar no Row durante minhas férias em NYC. O hotel é muito bem localizado e foi incrível visitar lugares lindos e turísticos ao redor dele. E a cama é uma delícia para descansar depois de um dia de muita caminhada. Gostei muito do funcionário na recepção chamado Junior, porque ele fez toda a",5
3458, May 2018,Great experience again,"I enjoyed my trip to the ROW NYC starting from check-in to when I left. Although it is super busy, you will be treated well. Junior at the front desk was fabulous, warm, welcoming and friendly, making me feel super welcome throughout my visit. The room was comfortable and clean. The location of the hotel is right near the theaters and Times Square, and if you need help with directions or suggestions of places to visit, the helpful people at the front desk are happy to help. Also, District M is a great place for coffee and a light breakfast in the a.m (thanks to Beto) or a cocktail or glass of wine in the p.m. On the day I left, I had alot of fun talking with Brandon, Kelly and Jarred. Thanks for the shots (photos) and the refreshing Spritzer. Highly recommend this hotel!",5
3459, June 2017,Good but overpriced,Loved staying in New York here but the price is a bit too expensive for what you get. If I was to go again I would get a hotel further away from times square and just take the subway. The rooms are very basic but the hotel itself looks very cool.,4
3460, May 2018,ROW NYC SAVED MY NYC TRIP,"Checked in at the worst hotel in NYC and had to check out immediately. Row NYC was close by, so I called them up and got a reservation right away. The room was perfect, so clean and just what I was looking for. I'll definitely be back to stay again!",5
3461, May 2018,Row excellent places for Holiday in N.y.c.,"Close to times square,the hotel is the perfect place where to be.close to metro,to shops and to the broadway area.Suggested for young and couples.Confortabe bed,excellemt wifi and very nice and kind hotel worker from the front desk to the cleaning staff and the doors security.",4
3462, May 2018,Stressful Hotel,Be transparent about the price by night. Do not be rude when you receive costumer Your hotel is highly expensive compare to the quality of room. The price must be communicate to the customer by night.,1
3463, May 2018,Rhode Island,"A very impressive, centrally located modern hotel with a mini food court at your disposal just off the lobby. Traffic flow in the crowded lobby is quickly solved with the unique elevator system. Enter you floor number and the indicated elevator will take you directly.",4
3464, May 2018,not clean,the toilet and sink never got clean. Room is so tiny. the room at the upper floor make noise too much. the cover sheets are not clean. internet is super slow. I can hear noise from next rooms at night time.,1
3465, May 2018,Nice hotel and friendly staff however stuff from our room went missing...,"I was happy up until the day before we left, an item from our room went missing. Security logged this but nothing was done. Arrived home almost 2 weeks ago and haven't heard from the hotel. Personally wouldn't return to this hotel due to this situation. Otherwise the hotel is located perfectly and very clean.",3
3466, May 2018,Small Rooms,Rooms were small. Could not sleep in due to the noise coming right outside the door that you could hear everything because the rooms were so small. There was throw up in elevator E. Hotel staff was hard to find any help.,2
3467, May 2018,Love it!!,"We stayed here for 3 nights. It was great from the second we checked in. Cesar was the staff member who checked us in. He was so efficient, friendly & funny! Exactly what you want after a long flight! Every staff member we encountered were so nice, chatty & extremely hard working It is literally SECONDS away from Time Square, port authority for buses if you are going to the outlets, and the hop on hop off tour stops are all at your door stop!. We have stayed here a few times over the years and before the renovation and it never fails to disappoint!! I will be back for sure 100%!",5
3468, May 2018,Trip to NY,Happy. Subway and Time square 5 minutes of walk. A lot of place to eat around 5 minutes too. Room is small but clean. Beds are confortable. Valley parking works good. I suggest the package with valley parking include. Good rate for the car. Nice place.,5
3469, May 2018,Row NYC ideally positioned,"The Row is ideally positioned between 44th and 45th on 8th Avenue. The room was clean and comfortable although air conditioning unit sounded as though it was going to take off! Staff were friendly and helpful. Only noise we encountered was from the street so although a busy, vibrant hotel the noise heard when in the room was minimal.",5
3470, May 2018,Good location,"If you want a good location and comfy beds this hotel is fine. I am not too fussy but for what we paid it was not of a standard I would have expected. However we were moved after complaininto a delux room, slightly cleaner and it had no smell which the superior room had. Would advise anyone to get a city sightseeing bus pass, great way to get around and see the city. A visit to Rudays for a beer and free hotdogs a must and only one block away.",2
3471, May 2018,Bad stay,Very small room not a hotel that I would stay at again. Room was not clean and hallway noise excessive during late night early morning. Security a concern as strangers could access hotel elevator with ease.,1
3472, May 2018,"Good location, nice decor but service deficits make stay disappointing","I stayed here the year it opened, and liked it. Good location, good price, and cheerful contemporary feel. This time it disappointed a lot: housekeeping neglected to clean room still took a long time after we called. Lobby cafe chaotic and staff quite unpleasant/rude. Note that a daily fee of $35 is tacked on for wifi and an exercise room",2
3473, May 2018,Family break,Nice hotel. Staff very friendly. Rooms were clean and adequate although could have done with more storage space for clothes. Bathroom a little small so felt cramped. Being on the 17th floor you would think you wouldn’t hear the traffic below but you can. All in all though a nice hotel,4
3474, May 2018,Good Location,"This was a very convenient location for work, but easy to shop, eat and be entertained Comfortable beds, pillows and nice toiletries. WI-fi did not work...but I would stay here again. The people who work here are pleasant and helpful",4
3475, April 2018,The Row,Amazing time at the Row NYC - perfect location Super cute room Clean and efficient Cesar at the front desk was awesome ! Can’t wait to head back to new work and stay there again. The entire staff was wonderful.,5
3476, May 2018,"Lovely Hotel, Great Location & lovely staff",Just back from a long weekend in New York. Checking in was a breeze with a very nice man called Caeser. Rooms are very clean and comfortable. Security staff are nice and helpful as are the house keeping staff. Hotel is a few mins walk from both Times Sq and Port Authority so for the price it is an excellent location. We will be back.,5
3477, May 2018,Bang for Your Buck,"There are few places that can be comfortable, close, cheap, and clean. Row NYC is close to Times Square, all the Broadway theaters, and great dining in Hell's Kitchen. The rooms are clean, comfortable, and well maintained; just like the entryway and lobby. The cost for this combination of features is usually absurd but Row NYC has extremely competitive rates; allowing you to feel confident with your decision.",4
3478, May 2018,"friendly, efficient staff","row is a hustling, bustling hotel. staff is friendly, well trained and keeps things moving. rooms are clean & the bar and market are great, comfortable and convenient. 2 minor oddities: 1) Wednesday, 10:40 pm - kitchen is closed. 2) Thursday, 6:40 am - no doorman to help get a cab.",4
3479, May 2018,"tiny room, even tinyer beds","Double bed is only 1.20m wide and ways to small for two adult person. In the g, some machines were broken. They charge you a facility fee of 30$ per night for the usage of the internet. Cleanlines was not the best.",1
3480, May 2018,Great location and very nice hotel,"Great location, very nice room and kind staff. Were in a couple 9 days trip in NY. We were looking for a good location , near to the times squre, clean and reasonable price. We were very satsfied with the hotel.",5
3481, May 2018,loved,i had a lovely stay the only problem i had was security was a little rude but overall i loved it the rest of the staff were phenominal i slept like a baby no one bothered and i loved the tub it was deep,5
3482, May 2018,Theater weekend,"This trendy hotel is in a great location! It's convenient to all of the theaters and restaurants. The staff was very friendly, and there was an inviting Bar to relax in after shows. Our room had a great view, and was larger than many in the Times Square area.",5
3483, May 2018,Delcy,Delcy with house keeping was very good made sure our whole stay room was clean if i had cash i would gave her a tip thanks again Delcy we will definitely return because we know we will have a clean room,5
3484, May 2018,"Good location, super comfy beds and spotlessly clean!",We've stayed here twice and have been very pleased both times. Close to Times Square and nice views. It's not super quiet so not for very light sleepers but we had no difficulties with the street noise level.,5
3485, June 2017,Soho chic,"I took my youngest daughter to NYC for a day of fun. We stayed over at The Row. The decor was stylish with a combination of scenes and trendy artwork that elevated our experience. Centrally located to many of the cities greatest attractions. Friendly staff, great food. Look forward to staying again.",4
3486, May 2018,Good stay at Row NYC,"The Row Hotel was good value for money and was close to all important locations. The room was clean and tidy. The room was small, but seeing it was only me it was big enough. If I was travelling with someone else, there's no way the room would be big enough. The gym was below standard, half the treadmills weren't working and equipment was dated. Other than that, the stay was enjoyable and comfortable. Would definitely stay there again!",4
3487, June 2017,dammam,nice clean hotel excellent located hotel on the theatre district a couple of blocks away from times square classy reception manager employee gave me on my last day an access card to all u can drink and eat from the bar one problem i disliked but its not a big deal the elevators are always full and busy and crowded lobby loved the room toilet the bed is comfy loved the portraits hanged on the wall the pictures which is on the doors nice door men excellent customer service ill definitely stay in this hote again,5
3488, March 2018,Good location,This hotel is right near the theater district. Its hectic checking in but you can check yourself out. The rooms are all different sizes but larger than most hotel rooms in New York. I've stayed there several times and have always been satisfied. I did have a problem with the heater last time. It was March and I was only getting air conditioning. They came and fixed it right away.,5
3489, May 2018,"Well located, but old rooms","The Row is very well located, you are in the middle of the heart of the city, with a lot of restaurants around and attractions. Hotel staff is quite nice and they support in whatever you need. The lobby is quite new but rooms are not. They have very old rooms, and they are clean, but sometimes, because those are old, they don’t see very clean even if they are",3
3490, May 2018,Row NYC is Excellent,"Fantastic Location! Amazing stay and a great rate if you book far enough in advance. Gezennia at the Front Desk who checked us in was lovely, kind and we felt extremely welcome upon check in! I always stay at the Row when I'm in NYC.",5
3491, May 2018,Had it’s ups and downs,"Hotel itself was neat and tidy with friendly staff. Close to the subway and Times Square. Beds made, bathroom cleaned and bins emptied daily. Good views out of the room. Had paid for a premium city view and upgraded to have 2 beds in the room. Got there and was only given a deluxe room. No refund on price difference. Had perfume taken, then returned a couple of times by the cleaning staff over the course of 24 hours, finally leaving a note stating they had ‘accidentally’ taken it. It shouldn’t have needed to be touched in the first place. The safe stopped working halfway through our stay.",3
3492, April 2018,Central and clean hotel even if quite expensive,"The hotel has a central and good location, near at Time Square and to a lot of tourist attractions. Good quality of the rooms but quite expensive (even if for New York unfortunately normal); kind employees; for a nice stay in NYC could be a good choice :)",3
3493, May 2018,Row On Over To This Lively Hotel!!!,"My stay at the Row Hotel was perfectly suitable for my needs. The ever bustling lobby creates quite a bit of welcomed atmosphere should one be up for a most interesting and diversified crowd. This hotel, formerly known as the “Milford Plaza” is for anyone who does not object coming in contact with large but very well mannered crowds. The check in desk is extremely efficient and will help any hotel guest who is in need of their assistance. During my stay...I came in contact with several professional front desk representatives, all of whom should be commended for “holding down their fort” so to speak (Hotel was booked at almost a full capacity when I stayed.) Special acknowledgment to Caesar for his extremely pleasant attitudes and for being real and compassionate while I was",5
3494, May 2018,5 days in NYC,Well located but very noisy A/C that must be Off at night No kettle for tea or cofee that you have to buy at M Café at lobby Also I asked for a Delux City View and mailed for a high level rom but had an 8th floor with poor view,3
3495, May 2018,Excellent!👌🏻😀,"We arrived a little apprehensive after reading some negative reviews only to be blown away by the very welcoming, friendly desk associate Fernanda! She couldn’t have been more helpful and friendly as were all staff we encountered. Our room on the 17th floor was immaculate with a beautiful king size bed and two windows. The room has plenty of sockets as well as an iron and board. The bathroom is more of a wet Room but spotless also. A very central hotel for our anniversary visit to New York 🇺🇸 we would definitely recommend it",5
3496, April 2018,Love the Row,"Friendly, courteous desk staff, immaculate fresh rooms with fluffy snow white towels and bed linens, great food and drink choices all under one roof, fabulous location. Would definitely stay there again.",5
3497, May 2018,worst hotel in nyc,"untidy, pillows stunk, rooms were tiny, bathrooms were filthy and front desk clerks were not helpful. we booked 3 rooms and very dissatisfied with the size of the rooms. the floors were not even vacuumed and the pillows stunk.",1
3498, May 2018,Great Experience!,"Nice room, good bathroom, fantastic service! Thanks Cristina T! I only stayed for one night so I don't have much else to say... The lobby is big and open, very nice property overall. Location is wonderful. You should stay here!",5
3499, May 2018,"Don't stay here, it isn't worth the hassle","This hotel really has no customer service whatsoever. If you are by chance aggressive enough to get a real human being on the phone or in person, they will not help you with anything. They are rude, inexperienced and they simply don't care a bit about the guests.",1
3500, May 2018,Disappointed,Positives: Situated right behind Times Square so location is great. Negatives: 3 of us shared a double room and the room was tiny! I’ve stayed at the Row back in 2015 and they have just placed 2 double beds within a normal sized room. We all struggled to move around the beds without banging into each other! Wafer thin walls so was woken up every night by other guests chatting and closing doors. We stayed on the 12th floor and our room was right by an external airconditioning unit. This meant that there was a loud roar 24 hours a day. Lucky I travel with earplugs. When we were checking in staff were talking amongst themselves about completely unrelated stuff when we were stood right in front of them. If I remember one of them was trying to buy a new phone online....,2
3501, April 2018,Beware of extra charges,Upon arrival the hotel added a 200$ expense for utilities they made available. This was non-negotiable and included the ability to use a phone which we didn't need. Also apparently some water bottles we never found?! A simple rip off. Other than that the hotel was noisy with small rooms but ok.,1
3502, May 2018,Row NYC Hotel the Best,"Truly enjoy the Hotel,Staff and most of all the Location. Close to Madison Square Garden, NY Cathedral,Macys, Broadway Shows,Time Square, Bars and eating places and the Subway going either S,N,E,W are just a few blocks 2-4 away",5
3503, May 2018,Good location,Awful staff rude and unhelpful at best liars at worst. Lots of hidden charges taken without consent. Good location within walking distance of most things. Rooms small. Door staff rude and arrogant. Book anywhere else,2
3504, May 2018,Row NYC Rocks ! Panamanian say so,The best location on town we could had. This was my wife first visit to NYC and I was very interested ion get a good location prior price. The attention and security we received were outstanding. Restaurant very delicious and good prices. DOUGHS... crime not to eat at least 3 of them !!!,5
3505, May 2018,Good central hotel,"Good hotel situated in the heart of Times Square area. Nice rooms, we upgraded to the larger room before going. There was no complimentary water as described, which was a bit disappointing. I did ask but nothing was done. All in all a good hotel for what we paid.",4
3506, March 2018,Good stay....,The Row in NYC offers quaint rooms with friendly service. The rooms are cozy and clean. Good food and shopping within walking distance of the hotel. I would probably stay here again due to the experience from my previous trip.,3
3507, May 2018,Very Well Treated by Delcy,"Delcy was amazing, she spoke two languages so she made me feel very comfortable since my language is Spanish. She is a great team member and treated me and my husband very well. And Carla was very helpful and friendly as well and tried her best to assist us.",5
3508, April 2018,Nice location but like being checked in by Airport Security,"My wife and I stayed at the ROW NYC for three nights. The ROW is located on 8th street (midtown) so if you stay here you will be close to Times Square and the A, C and E Blue Line (subway). The Blue line can take you downtown (World Trade Centre), uptown (Upper West side) and either Howard Beach Station or Jamaica Centre Station (from where you transfer via Airtrain to JFK International Airport). So yes it is very central but please remember that it still is very close to Times Square and being right on 8th means that you are staying smack dab in a tourist hotspot. This is not necessarily a bad thing but I personally prefer a quieter street because it feels like you walk into a bee’s nest when you step out onto the street in the mornings. But I am sure that other people might",2
3509, May 2018,New York New York,"Good location, clean, a little drab lobby and corridors but good lift service. Staff could be a little friendlier. Compact bathroom but mini toiletries were really good. Quite during night. Bar and eating facilities on site but did not use.",3
3510, May 2018,Row NYC Great Location and Price,"This hotel isn't fancy, but you can't beat its location and price! The hotel is located right next to Times Square. There is a subway stop mere feet from the entrance, and Broadway is right out the door.",4
3511, May 2018,"ROW ROW, is the way to go","I have stayed at the Row on numerous visits because it is so close to the theatre district. The rooms are clean and the front desk staff do their best to resolve issues and make your stay stress-free. This visit, I had issues checking in because my reservation could not be found on the system but Cesar at the front desk resolved the problem. Be cautious of the additional fees/taxes for internet service as it affects your final bill.",4
3512, May 2018,Quick Stay in NYC,Good hotel. Great location. Room was small but clean and comfortable bed. Breakfast was sub-standard at the hotel so we bought our breakfast at the adjacent cafe. They need to work on that. Staff was friendly.,4
3513, May 2018,Overrated hotel...worst service ever,"Unwalcoming staff, especially ladies! they cancel my booking through booking.com just hours before coming, they force me to make an other booking directly with them. i came to hotel early morning, 4am. they get paid for all journey plus deposit (no issue) but they kick me out of the hotel, they didn't let me wait in the lobby to get me room key. i was forced to wait with my luggage in the MacDonald's beside. once back i ask if it's possible to have early checking....they told me will try once we have free room will call yiu or send you an email.....nothing till 2pm. once back to the hotel i discover that they have lot of free rooms they just forget noticing me.... this hotel it's just once of my worst experience ever.",1
3514, May 2018,Just ok,"Dark rooms, very small bathrooms. Poor lighting and exposed to street traffic noise. While Times Square hotels are very expensive I would recommend paying the extra $50 a night for nicer facilities. I will say location to theatres is excellent.",3
3515, May 2018,To expensive for ofered room,"Compared with my other experienses, especially in Europe, this is defenitely a too small room for charged costs of ~ 280 per night. It may be that NYC and the Times Square are justify that price, nur next time i'd choose an other hotel.",3
3516, May 2018,Good location and normal rooms,"Good location with easy walking access to Midtown, Central Park area and rest of amenities via next corner subway station with most usable subway lines. Free of charge water stations at every floor. 2 blocks from Times Square.",4
3517, May 2018,Great loaction,"This was in a great location, easy walk to Times Square and Broadway district. The room was comfortable, clean, and quiet. It had an amazing view. Staff was helpful. They provide a luggage storage area for pre check-in / post check-out, which is convenient when traveling. We were very pleased with this hotel.",5
3518, May 2018,Dagmar,"Excelent location, near to Time Square, near to theatre at Broadway,near to bus station Hop on hop of.. walking distance to all main atractions of NYC ..near to Port Authority terminál, nice room, good services, we were satisfiet..",5
3519, May 2018,"Perfect Service, Location and Customer Care","I can read quite a lot of comments complaining about cleanness, room sizes, service etc so I was a bit doubtful before checking in the hotel. Facts were total opposite: the hotel location if so perfect (2 minutes walk from subway the time traffic light turns green, 1 avenue away from Times Square), lobby is luxury and ""mostly"" secured, food court is of good quality, arrived around 5 pm and the front desk was not crowded at all, welcomed by Christina who took very good care of us. Just a side note regarding complaints, if the hotel is not alerted or notified, how can they acknowledge them and act? From our side, we booked a Deluxe room initially and asked whether it was possible to get a Premium one, we have been given one as available! In Addition, Christina granted us a corner",5
3520, December 2017,New York at xmas,"Popular hotel easy access to Times Square. It is just room typical New York . Very busy time Xmas loved it . Must go back 4 days didn't get to Brooklyn bridge ( next time 🤣) Walked to ferry however next time will use hoppers guys sell outside NYC hotel . Also pay to go to statue liberty , can't see or get pics on free ferry . Hope this helps ♥️",4
3521, May 2018,Short Trip to NYC,"outstanding location, the subway and Busterminal in neighborhood, one block to Times Square good matress for sleep, broken bedspread bathroom only with sliding door renovation urgently needed Deluxe room with City view is too small for 2 people old aircondition and too loud",3
3522, May 2018,How to impress your kids (21 and 23),"My kids aged 21 and 23 walked away saying that if they ever get a chance to come back to NYC - they couldn't imagine staying anywhere but The Row! If for no other reason than its cleanliness, The Row is your place to go. Of course, staff, location, amenities, food court, exercise, bar, Sugar Factory exceeded their Mom's expectations. Thank you.",5
3523, May 2018,GAD,"Reasonably sized rooms, clean and not too noisy. Nice spot, convenient to City attractions either by walking, hop on hop off, or the Subway. The only downside is the intermittent sound of the AC unit through the night, not loud or grating just there.",4
3524, May 2018,Love the Row NYC!,"I'm currently visiting NYC from the UK and am staying at the Row NYC for 4 nights. I had been a little concerned after reading some reviews on TripAdvisor. However, I needn't have! I'm travelling with a friend and we reserved a standard twin room. After arriving from a long day of travelling, it was nearly 10pm before we reached the hotel. We were greeted by Paula and Christina T on reception, who were brilliant! Both were very friendly and helped cheer-up two very tired travellers with their warm and welcoming approach. Both myself and travelling companion are over 6ft tall. Paula immediately offered us a free upgrade to a twin room with Queen size beds. A lovely touch and very gratefully received. I had read that the rooms were small, but we didn't find this to be the",5
3525, May 2018,Location in the Manhattan,"There are several hotels in the vicinity lower price including breakfast, lobby was so busy during check in and check out time, hotel also provide online check out which I did made it this process without wasting time on line.",4
3526, May 2018,"Great Service, Excellent Location","Row NYC is centrally located in midtown NYC and is 5 minutes walk to Times Square and 42nd Street. City Kitchen restaurant provided excellent choice. Gym was ok for a city hotel. View down 8th Ave was awesome and hotel was close to the Shake Shack. Junior on the front desk was so helpful and arranged a fridge for our room, he was an exceptional customer service provider. Ann was our housekeeper for the week who provided both fast and immaculate room servicing.",4
3527, May 2018,"Location, location, location","Stayed at the ROW NYC on recommendation of my travel agent Jash at A2Z Travel in Durban. Got to the hotel earlier than check in time of 4pm however check in was smooth, they have a luggage storage facility which allowed us to start some sightseeing of Manhattan before we got our room. We opted for the Superior room, which although is small, provided everything we needed - besides, you dont go to New York to sit in your room... There a 8 elevators but you might still have to wait a bit as there are plenty people using them especially during peak times. There is a bar/restaurant (district M) and the City Kitchen which offers a few different options for meals. The location is awesome, it is roughly a block away from Times Square. A 15 minute walk from the hotel gets you to a",4
3528, May 2018,Great service,Awesome hotel location right near Times Square. Great hotel with great service - Robert checked us in and was very friendly!! He gave us a city view room and we loved the view. Good restaurants also right next door.,5
3529, May 2018,Robert,"Excellent service from Robert who was kind and willing to help us with our room issues. He was really patient and helpful towards my family. Appreciate this help, Robert! Thank you so much for making this a good stay!",5
3530, May 2018,Robert,"Robert was an incredibly friendly staff and was willing to accommodate us when we needed the help at Row NYC. My family and I are very grateful for his kind assistance and he is why we started our trip in NYC on a good note. Brilliant attitude and patience, we really appreciate it, Robert!! Keep up the good work :)",5
3531, May 2018,Love ROW!,"We always stay at ROW when we're in NYC, because everyone is friendly, City Kitchen always has great food options, and it's in the middle of everything! Highly recommend! Robert was great checking us in and made sure we were all set with whatever we needed!",5
3532, May 2018,Housekeeping,Good and clean service from Angela Figueroa in room 1709!!!!!!! Miss Figueroa was always nice and welcome to help us. Hotel is two minutes walk from Times Square. Subway around the corner. Very good location!,5
3533, May 2018,City Break,"Hotel was clean but staff could have been more helpful. 4 of us travelled and we requested a room with 2 beds for my daughter and friend. Told not available. We were also on different floors. The facility charge when leaving is ridiculous. We had booked through expedia and told no more charges to pay if we paid in full 7 months before we were to leave. Utter rubbish. 2 rooms and additional $350 for 5 days. Left our luggage but forgot to tip and received the comment of typical british. Hotel is very central, and breakfast at Smiths (across the road) is excellent. Staff at reception too busy to give any tips while in NY",3
3534, May 2018,"Hotel it’s self is ok, there is a complete lack of customer service after check in.","Room was fine expensive for what it is, hotel in a fairly good location NOT ON TIMES SQUARE like it suggests but it is nearby. The customer service on arrival is fine...........afterwards there is a complete lack of customer service and staff don’t wear name badges so you don’t know who to complain about. Be careful to to have anything dropped of or delivered to the hotel........something was dropped at the hotel for us it was there for two hours before we returned first of all the claimed nothing had arrived then when they did find it after about 30minutes they charged $19. It would just seem in our opinion that because of the hotels location they feel they don’t have to try........the hotel needs a complete attitude overhaul.",2
3535, May 2018,Great Service! Location and atmosphere!,I immediately knew when I walked in that I was getting a bang for my buck. Hospitality was great from the street to reception desk. During my check in Cristina T was very courteous and addressed my concerns immediately and in order. The hotel has more to off than I expected. Would recommend for a quick stop if you don't plan on spending much time in the room. Desk in the room is spacious and there are plugs a many.,5
3536, May 2018,Great customer service,"Cristina at reception is great - helpful, fast and professional. She gave me an extra quiet room (well, for New York) and went above and beyond. The hotel itself is really well located and has great amenities including a hair blow-out salon just next door.",5
3537, May 2018,Perfect Hotel near Times Square,Great hotel if you're going to a show. Staff were very friendly. Plus they offer a service where you can leave your luggage there after you have checked out. We also got a discount on our parking. They have a bar/restaurant too but I didnt have time to check it out.,5
3538, May 2018,Perfect Location,"We stayed here over the weekend for a Broadway show trip. The location was completely perfect. Christina at the front desk was incredibly helpful, and the food court right in in the hotel was super convenient. Our room was clean, very nice stay!",5
3539, May 2018,Robert,Had some issues at check in which were resolved by Robert immediately. I also got upgraded to a premier room with a view. I stayed here before and will come back next time. The location is very good as well.,5
3540, May 2018,Do not recommend!,"The hotel was not what it is advertised as! The lication is great, but nothing else is. The rooms were flithy, and so were the bed sheets!! This is a liw income residence as well as a hotel, which no one tells you until you stumble on to the wrong floor. Residents and hotel guests share elevators, which leads to long wait times for getting to your floor and back! Horrible experience!",1
3541, May 2018,GreatLocation,"Location is great just a couple blocks from time square, plenty of food and shopping in the area as well. The bed was super comfortable!!! Paola was great, gave us tips on how to save in the city and things to see and do while in NYC.",5
3542, May 2018,"Awesome service, amazing bed, and good location.","It was our first time in NYC. Paola at reception quickly gave us tips to make our stay here even better and provided wonderful service. The room was okay, and the bed was very comfortable. Friendly staff.",5
3543, May 2018,Great staff,Paola and Cristina T were very helpful and pleasant from the moment I walked into the hotel. I have stayed at the hotel a few times over the last couple of years for business and it is a nice and clean room at an affordable rate with great food and bar on the same block.,5
3544, May 2018,Worth it,Close to times square and sights. Great staff (and I mean that from house keeping to front desk a++) but rooms are small but was out looking around most the time. Could have told us some info about hotel like ice maker etc,4
3545, May 2018,Horrible experience,"After a wonderful check-in experience with Cesar this hotel went from bad to worse. The room had hairs everywhere showing that it hadn't been cleaned properly. I found a huge screw on the floor that was blending into the carpet that could have done some serious damage had someone walked on it. It was obvious that repairs that had been carried out on a locker as the sawdust hadn't been cleaned up. After paying a substantial rate for this hotel that states that check-out is at 12pm (!) I was continually disturbed by house-keeping from 8.30am with them knocking loudly and proceeding to open the door despite me having a ""Do not disturb"" sign on the door! Guest are entitled to use the room for the length of time they have paid for it and shouldn't be rushed out. I have worked in the",1
3546, May 2018,Great location,"Really enjoyed our stay in New York and the Row hotel made things rally easy for us. Quick smooth check in to slick arrangements to store luggage, all worked well. We didn’t have much of a view from the bedroom that faced another section of the hotel so you could actually see in other rooms. But this didn’t cause us any problems as a trip to NYC isn’t about sitting in your room all day. Would happily stay again.",3
3547, May 2018,New York New York,"Stayed here as 3 couples in 3 rooms where to be frank you couldn’t swing a cat, the rooms are top dollar but so teeny tiny, one room had a window which directly overlooked another room. The rooms were not clean either especially the bathrooms, the cleaning staff probably have a hard time cleaning as it is too small to navigate. I found the front of house staff very unfriendly and didn’t want to assist, the nicest person there worked in the coffee shop in the morning, however she wanted to know the cheapest place to stay in London as she was planning on coming over. Loved NYC but not ROW at NYC",2
3548, May 2018,Avoid- Don't bother,"The bad reviews are justifiable. Go somewhere they appreciate your custom and care. 3rd time to New York, first time to Row, it's actually put me off returning. It isn't cheap either, if anything very expensive with all their charges for stuff you don't need or want.",2
3549, May 2018,Paola is a star.,"Magnificent stay , mostly thanks to Paola who made this hotel a truly 5 star experience. Can't describe how helpful and welcome she was. Aside of that hotel reception looks like Enter the void (which is pretty cool in my opinion)",5
3550, May 2018,Thank you Gezennia!!,I want to say thanks to Gezennia for great customer service!! I arrived to the hotel with my kids and The lobby was very noise. However She made sure I got a room right away. The room was small but very nice view. It's a great location!,5
3551, May 2018,Friendly staff,"This is our fourth stay at this hotel. It's positioned ideally next to Times Square and the Port Authority, and other, subway stations. The staff are very friendly. We were served by Robert during our check-in today. He was very helpful and efficient. He even discounted our resort fee because we were staying for so long for our holiday. There is a gym and restaurant available. We've never had a problem with the wifi, it seem very reliable.",5
3552, May 2018,Great value great location,"Great location. Very busy place, great food and bar area . Very good value. Rooms are tiny but hey you’re in NYC and you’re out and about. Overall it’s a smart place to stay and the internet in the building is super fast",4
3553, May 2018,PROS & CONTRAS,"Front desk Cesar was really helpful, but the hotel changed a lot since I was last here. I give 5 stars to the front desk Cesar for his attention and help. The location is very good but the lobby is very noise because the hotel has too many rooms.",2
3554, May 2018,Really good attention and location,"Rooms are small, but the hotel is very well located! The hotel lobby is cool and, specially in our visit, the support of the hotel associate Cristina T was really great and helpful! She really was making an effort to make us feel comfortable in our vacations",4
3555, May 2018,Very nice staff,"The ROW NYC is at an exellent location. Time Square is very close and also when you would like to have a little rest during the day, you can come back easyly to the hotel from wherever you are in N.Y. The staff really tries hard to make your stay to a good experience! They are helpful and friendly. The hotel is very clean.",5
3556, May 2018,Service,Thank you Latonya and Cesar for great customer service. The hotel is nice and clean also. Thanks for the complimentary breakfast also Cesar. And Latonya for her great way of showing me specific things about where the parking lot was,5
3557, May 2018,Thanks you Cristina,"Thank youfor the very friendly receptionist at this hotel. Cristina met us with great sympathy, affection, patience and attention not to mention the wide smile on her face, she spoke Spanish with us which was a great advantage, because it made me understand the whole process of check-in. Thank you Cristina!",5
3558, May 2018,A 5 to an advisable hotel,"Thank you Cristina (the receptionist) for her kindness , ready to help at any time. Rooms have all you need to have a pleasant stay . The elevators system is great. The facilities on the ground floor give you a great help having lots of things at hand.",5
3559, May 2018,Great Customer Service Experience,"Cristina T. Was very helpful with our trip. We ran into a lot of issues with our room and tried calling to solve the problem. We couldn’t seem to get anyone to help us but when we went to the front desk and talked to Cristina T she was incredibly helpful and pulled out all the stops to make sure we got everything we needed. Not only that, she was incredibly kind, warm, and inviting. She is definitely the face you want to see when you’re having a problem.",5
3560, May 2018,European style gem in ♥️of Times Square,Friendly young staff; modern decor w/ great murals; great breakfast w/ wonderful pastries including chocolate croissants; easy check-in and check-out; comfortable beds; great views; would definitely stay again;,5
3561, May 2018,Just awesome!,Especially our hotel associate Cesar provided us with an outstanding never before witnessed service. We are looking forward to visit again. Staying at the Row hotel was a decision we will never regret. Clean and well equopped rooms. Thanks again!,5
3562, May 2018,Brilliant,"Thank you so much to the lovely Cristina.T who was so very helpful on reception and gave a 5* service! Fantastic holiday could not fault the room, housekeeping or hotel in anyway! Great location also! Thanks again :)",5
3563, March 2018,Hidden Charges!! Dark Hallways!!,"I booked this hotel through Agoda and they immediately charged my credit card for the full amount however I was asked for a $100 “deposit” when I checked in. They said they will deduct $68.84 for facility charges and will give me back the remaining amount! It’s been 2 months and they haven’t processed any refund! Ive been contacting the hotel and several follow ups have been made but they are ignoring my emails!! Beware of this hotel!! Oh, before I forget - Hallways are really dark and scary esp for a solo traveler!!! Book at your own risk!",1
3564, May 2018,Do not book this hotel - Terrible Experience,"The room was very dirty, dusty, and in poor condition. The management was refusing to change it for a long time. After many debates and complaints, they finally agreed to change the room but refused to upgrade it even though I had to change rooms in the middle of the night. They agreed to offer a $250 refund on $2,100 that I spent but I later realized that they only refunded $60. Candidly, I don't even have time to deal with them about the refund because it'll probably take 3 hours of my time, and it's just not worth it. Overall, terrible value for your money. You can get much better deals for the same dollar amount.",1
3565, May 2018,ALL HAIL CESAR!,My sister and I stayed here on our trip to NYC! We were greeted by Cesar who was very helpful and whom we had a great laugh with! Great start to our trip! Room was great and so was the convenience of City Kitchen! Great location too!,5
3566, May 2018,great location but ok experience,funky lobby and rooms. location is great - close to times square and subway. slow checkin. security good. we paid for an upgraded higher floor room but it was still very noisy and the rooms are cozy. very small bathroom. a.c. and elevator both rattled and could be heard loudly. good hot water. bathroom had a sliding door and not much sound privacy in case you are not traveling alone ! good location and decor . great for a single traveller or cozy couple I wasn't happy about the extra daily hotel fee . over $30 mandatory. for access to WiFi and small gym. ended up costing more than other hotels when adding the hidden fee,4
3567, May 2018,NOT worth the money,"My girlfriend had a terrible experience. The front desk is under staffed to handle to guest load. Our room was about 8ft x 12ft. The mattress was more of a 3 inch foam mattress and was about 4 inches off of the floor. Their was no desk, no chair. You either sat on the bed, toilet or the AC unit. (RM 831). Our window view was the side of the building next door. The room price was $135.00/night (with all of the taxes & fees added in). The Bar was great! Will stocked and the staff their were excellent.",2
3568, May 2018,What a disgusting waste of everything,"I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. Our first room was filthy, skirtings black with dirt and I was scared to walk on the carpet. Next room was better for cleanliness but very run down and the so-called mattress appeared to be a thin memory foam layer which spent each night ruffling up. On trying to check out 25 minutes in a queue with only 2 people in front of me. Receptionists seem to think it’s their job to do that of the concierge as well. He stood doing nothing while I am the rest of the 30 people behind me simmered. The only recommendation I would make is the actual position is great. But there are other hotels in the area, in much better condition and more than half cheaper. So ROW NYC that’s the first and last time u will ever see me.",1
3569, May 2018,Agradecimento,"hotel has great location, the attendants are great pruncipally the junior attendant in the recption has shown the greatest attention to us. we are spending an excellent stay so far, everyone at hoyel always friendly and cordial. near the hotel there are several cafes and restaurants for dinner. I recommend fleeing the tourist hunt, price they offer for tours and visits in the city are extremely high and out of the real value of the attractions. I recommend using the subway and buying the tickets directly on the internet or through the internet. thank you row hotel for jos welcome so well. thank you juniors for helping us in our stay. have great day hug lucas and cristiane Brazil",4
3570, May 2018,Row NY Visit,"We had a great check in. Hotel is a great, popular location. Christina and Paola were very accommodating, thank you for your suggestions and your help. Hotel room is clean and bright. Style of the hotel very modern and funky. We would definitely come back. Thank you! -Carla and Nick",5
3571, May 2018,Good hotel in a great position,"not my first time in this hotel, experience has been always good. my room was clean and everything worked. from the windows I had a great view. great breakfast and great coffee at the M bar. wi-fi worked perfectly.",4
3572, May 2018,Sloppy check in routines and dirty lobby.,"Poor check in routines. Pre check in did not work. Print and pick up your key did not work. Long line to check in at 1 in the morning. The lobby is busy like a train station, too little space for the number of people moving around there. Tables, floors and chairs in lobby are not kept clean (dirt left over from meals bought in the adjacent food court).",2
3573, May 2018,Great Hotel and Excellent Service!,I stayed there from May 5th to 11th and the hotel was great. Especially the service at the reception was very good. The guy called Cesar was very polite and gave me great recommendations. Thank you! I will come back! 👍🏼👍🏼 five stars for this hotel and that great receptionist 😊,5
3574, May 2018,Best start to holiday!,"Arrived at the hotel to be greeted by the lovely Cesar! He was so helpful and even upgraded our room free of charge!! After a long day of travel he really made us feel welcome and relaxed! Hotel is great, our room is very big with a huge bathroom! Can’t wait for the rest of our time here!",5
3575, May 2018,Perfect location,Lovely start to the holiday and greated my a really friendly host named Cesar! Upgraded to a twin bed which was just ideal. The location is perfect as it was a very easy journey on the Subway from JFK.,5
3576, May 2018,"Good value, Great location.",Great location for Times Square and Bus Terminal. Plenty of eats and drinks nearby. Small rooms compared to most USA hotels but perfectly adequate for amount of time spent in room. Left luggage facilities for before and after check in and out is very convenient.,4
3577, April 2018,What is important to you?,The hotel has a great location. Be aware of taxes which are about %25 and which floor you are on. In addition they tack on $92 for water bottles and 'free' Wifi. The rooms are really minimalist and we had a queen superior city view and an 'upgrade'.,4
3578, May 2018,Good Location.,"The hotel is in a great location - it is a block from times square so if you are visiting NYC for that purpose, you cannot find a better hotel. However, the rooms are exceptionally small. I understand that NY is crowded and hotel rooms are much smaller than what we might be used to in other cities, but this one really is a glorified closet. For a two double bed room, you have to essentially climb over one bed to get to the other. We had issues with our bathroom sliding door and it was fixed within the first hour of our stay. The hotel itself (lobby area/elevators) is also very busy. But the staff is courteous and helpful. Cristina T. at the front desk was very courteous and helpful in answering a bunch of my questions. There is a parking garage a block from the hotel and the",3
3579, April 2018,Great Location but below expectations compared to photos,"The location is great, right behind Times Square. But it is super expensive for a very tiny room, tiny bathroom, and relatively clean. it is a bit noisy obviously because it is a noisy area, and the view were not great from our room. But the location is super.",3
3580, May 2018,Great value and great location,"Excellent location walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, Bryant Park, Central Park, Empire State, theatres. Subway station on the corner with access to ACE trains. Main Times Square station less than 5 minutes away. Rooms are tiny but are very clean and have everything you would need. Higher floors have some great views. Elevators are very efficient. This was our second time staying here and were not disappointed. Would definitely recommend.",4
3581, May 2018,Never again,"Our guest room was filthy. Outlets did not work in room so we were unable to charge phones which was a huge inconvenience. Bathroom door was broken - 4 people in one room and we had no privacy to use bathroom. Spoke to manager who said the only thing she could do was send maintenance to fix door. they came , fixed it but it just went back to being broken after first use. went to staff several times for questions but they were rude. Spoke in Spanish to each other and little did they know we had a guest with us from Spain so she was able to translate - it wasn't nice what they were saying about their guests. overall a terrible experience only thankful we were out sightseeing so only stayed in room to sleep. Never again would I stay here. too many issues and overall just plain",1
3582, April 2018,Basic but good,"VERY well located, renewed and good price for Times Square area. The rooms are ok, quite small though, but still comfortable. They have the basics, meaning there are beds, tv and bathroom. No minibar or luxuries. But since you`re probably going to be outside most of the time, if you`re looking for a place do sleep, shower and leave the shopping bags, I`d definitely go for it.",4
3583, May 2018,Great location,"The location of the ROW is great, especially if you're planning to see a Broadway show, very convenient. There are lots of bars and restaurants close by. The Iron Bar across the street is great. Ask for a room away from the elevators - they are very loud.",4
3584, April 2018,Read this before you booked,"Stayed here for 6 nights, here is few details: - Check in is 4pm. You can leave your luggages until then - Resort fee is $30/room/day for facilities like wifi and gym - No tea /coffee /kettle in the room. Each floor has cold/hot water dispenser in the hallway. They give you plastic cup. If you like to make tea, get a pack of tea, and get your souvenir mug early. Or, bring hot/cold thermos. - No fridge in the room - Right next door is a construction site that they start working at night. I was on 8th floor and I can hear them although not that loud that I can’t sleep. - what wake me was actually the fan of the aircon that constantly turn on and off and is really loud that you can’t hear the tv. - There is flat screen tv but some of the channel just pixelated most times, ie. the",2
3585, May 2018,Nice,"Nice bar and eateries in lobby. Management was STELLAR. Our AC broke first night we were there, and management upgraded us to a suite. Maintenance also came very quick to check on the unit. Room cleaning service was great. Location was AMAZING. In the heart of Timesquare.",4
3586, April 2018,Just enough for some days,"This is a very worn out hotel, the former Milford Plaza Hotel renamed Row and, I suppose, a little refurbished in a way. The best thing is its situation on 8th Ave. adjacent to Times Square and a lot of restaurants, shops and theaters. Practical but that is all.",3
3587, April 2018,Underwhelming and Overpriced,"We went to New York for a weekend in New York at the end of April, and we booked the ROW hotel at the urging of our friends who prefer the hotel due to it's location. It is located at 44th and 8th avenue, just outside of the main Times Square district. The location is pretty good: a subway stop is within a block of the hotel, and it is close to Hell's Kitchen. Most major tourist attractions were mere blocks away. I despise the area (as someone who used to come to the city regularly, i hate touristy areas, and times square in particular), but i cannot deny the convenience. Service though is a different story. Quite honestly, for the amount of money we paid for the room, the hotel's services left a lot to be desired. The front desk service was fine, but the line was LONG to get",3
3588, May 2018,Nice Location with Suspect Service,My room that was stuck on 78 degrees for one night and I could not reach the front desk or any mechanics.The situation however was then resolved. Room service only came to my room once even after I was told I was added to the PM service shift and no one still came to my room after I was out for 8 hours. The check in experience was a great with Cristina T.,3
3589, May 2018,No one answers calls at the front desk,"No one answers calls at front desk from the room. Needed wash cloths and to figure out water fill station and ice machine, and it was very difficult to get someone at the front desk to answer my questions.",2
3590, May 2018,Great location!!,"Check in quick, location was awesome, rooms clean and quiet and beds very comfy!! It's all about location and the Row NYC is perfect to get to everything. It's a big city and being close to the action and amenities is important. Second stay there and didn't disappoint. Thank you!",5
3591, May 2018,stay was good with a few things off,staff was friendly and room was clean but we didn't appreciate the room service walking in before checkout time while I barely had any clothes on (it was 11:40 AM). the hotel associate that checked us in Cristina T was very welcoming though.,4
3592, May 2018,Location OK service so so,Best possible location and over all OK. Staff not living up to the location and standard of the hotel and often not interested in giving service. The big advantage is the excellent location but value for money can be discussed. Refurbishing of rooms needed and especially bathrooms.,3
3593, May 2018,Happening location with excellent customer service!,"Excellent service. From the front desk, to elevator security to the kovely ladies and gentlemen cleaning the hotel, we received above par service. ALL were professional, kind, courteous and helpful. I cannot brag enough about the staff, the cleanliness and the prime location. Thank you for makimg our trip memorable.",5
3594, May 2018,Holiday in NYC,"Great, centrally located hotel in Manhattan just off Times Square. Perfect location for sightseeing tours, eateries, shows and bars. Be prepared for the swinging New York population!! We loved our stay at ROW NYC and would definitely stay there again.",5
3595, March 2018,Average Hotel,"We stayed here for 4 nights and we were glad to leave. The hotel was very busy, lots of groups of students. The lifts were very slow and we had to wait for 10 minutes because the lifts were always full. The location is good near to times square, but next time I would rather stay at an hotel which is a little further away and less busy. We had to stay an extra night because of the bad weather (snow) so I booked an hotel a few blocks away. See my other review!",3
3596, April 2018,4 Day Visit to NYC,Great hotel in the heart of times square. Easy access to restaurants and broadway shows. Rooms were clean and all of the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone hoping to stay in the times square area.,5
3597, April 2018,Nice room in the heart of the theater district.For a very fair price,"We did the upgrade for the suite and it was very nice. I liked the two Televisions one in the living space and one in the bedroom. The room was very quiet and the bed comfortable. Easy access to the theaters and the subway to venture out to other parts of the city. The only negative is the elevators are a bit slow especially at check out time they stop at every floor for guest, even with full capacity, and guest will still try to jam in.",4
3598, April 2018,Nice hotel but got overcharged!!!!,I was overcharged by nearly $300 no one would help me resolve this issue finally had to contact my visa company to get charges reversed!!! Toilet is also too close to sink and wall (touching) so makes it uncomfortable to use!!!,1
3599, May 2018,Great hotel,"Great location close to lots, time square and 5th Avenue. Great restaurant inside and connected to city kitchen. We arrived late, but customer service was great, Shantelle was so helpful. Thank you for making our stay in New York comfortable !",5
3600, May 2018,You get what you pay for,I was on an overnight business trip and didn't want to spend too much midtown. Location is very good (Times Square) if you're ok with tourists. Check In: I counted 7 front desk staff and only 1 checking in guests. We waited over 20 minutes. Not a good first impression. At least explain to guests what's happening. The automated check-in kiosks didn't work and no one seemed to care about fixing them. Room: Small but I didn't mind. This is an old hotel with some light renovations. I actually like the design but it can't hid the fact that the doors and windows are old and in bad shape. The bathroom smelled terrible because the cleaners used stale water. It was disgusting and I avoided going in there. The AC unit sounded like a 747 taking off. Amenities: Now the trend is paying,2
3601, May 2018,Disappointing though I appreciated the location,"Long wait to check in... You should hire more people for the check in. Got very little sleep due to noise of air conditioner. No instructions in the room about how to connect to internet. Phone headset did not work, not instructions about how to regulate air conditioner and I did not like the elevators... never seen anything like them.",2
3602, April 2018,Good hotel! Highly recommended!,We stayed in the row for 8 nights. When we arrived it was late so we never had to wait in the big line. We did see the big lines which we didnt understand since they offer you the ‘self check-in’ option. When we arrived we didn’t get the best first impression.. There was no bellman/staff to help with the luggage.. we didnt really know where to go. When we were checking in the frontdesk employee (never asked her name) never explained us anything about the hotel or discounts. I knew about the discounts cause there is a really big sign in front of the frontdesk but otherwise we would have not known it. Then she told us that we had a room (which was an upgrade) for one night and we needed to change rooms first thing in the morning. It was 8:30 PM not something I was hoping for to,5
3603, May 2018,Great Service!,Cesar....is awesome. Great service! Made us feel welcome and went above and beyond to made sure are accommodations were what we were looking for...definitely will be back. Definitely 5 star service! Don’t see that too often.,5
3604, April 2018,Business Stay,"Rooms - VERY SMALL and uncomfortable Location - great Staff - 100% First room was next to elevators - noisy and very tiny!! Not enough space to hang clothes for a business trip!! No coffee machine in the room Not worth the payment, and very uncomfortable for staying in a business trip.",2
3605, May 2018,Great location helpful staff,Great location close to lots. Great bar inside and food court lots to choose from inside & out. Shakeema & Shantelle were so helpful and great customer service thank you for making our stay in New York comfortable !,5
3606, May 2018,Good Upgrade by Hotel associate Cesar,"We got checked in by Cesar and we got a upgrade for 2 bigger seperate beds. He also send a engineer to our room very fast when our suitcase lock wouldn't open! We were very pleased with his service, great job!",5
3607, April 2018,So Close to the Times Square!,"Good hotel in Manhattan, so close to the Times Square! It's suites are good sized and have good beds and sheets. Great Staff. They're so attentive, made me feel like home. Good internet quality. Cable TV is available at the suite. For those who want/need to stay in the city for a few hours after the checkout the hotel has a luggage storage area. If you are a Brazilian (like me) look for Junior at the reception desk!!",5
3608, May 2018,Cesar,"Cesar checked us in, he was awesome. He upgraded our room for free and answered all our questions. Our room was clean and quiet, the location was great, quick walk to Times Square! We had a great time! Thanks Cesar!",5
3609, May 2018,"Great rooms, good location","Great location, rooms, and water service. Really, really slow check inn process. The beds are very comfortable. The views are great. The place where you drop your bags for holding is a bit hostile as they remind you that they should be tipped up front. But don’t worry the guy said, “your bags will be okay.”",4
3610, May 2018,Cesar aka wohoo from front desk you are an amazing individual!!,From the moment I walked in Cesar aka wohoo made the whole experience truly worthwhile and memorable for me! There are certain people who always make you keep coming back and Cesar is definitely one of those! I would definitely come back again just because of him as he has shown great hospitality throughout!! The hotel room is clean and we have a great view of Times Square. Cesar also went the extra mile and provided us with complimentary fruit bowl. I can't recommend this hotel enough! Book book book!! You won't be disappointed!,5
3611, April 2018,"Very noisy, strange smell, half-hearted renovation","The hotel atrium is impressive. Once you get up to the floors it looks a little dated and there was a weird smell on the corridor. Our twin room was tiny, as was the bathroom. The bathroom was so small and looked modern at a glance, but you could see where they had literally stuck panels over the old walls as part of the renovation. The size of the room wasn't too big an issue as it's what you expect in Manhattan, so was fine as a base to sleep. We were on the 8th floor, but there was a noisy generator outside our window a few floors below, which made a noise every few minutes. This woke us up quite a few times in the night, even with ear plugs in. The smell the generator emitted was horrible so not a chance of having the window open. But the air con was great for temperature",2
3612, February 2018,Girlfriends trip for a day to the big apple,Girls trip to the big Apple ... it’s a plus that the hotel hold your bags until your ready to leave the city... so after check out u can enjoy the city. only thing that I didn’t like was that when we got food and didn’t eat it all we couldn’t keep it we had to throw it away bc there was no where to store at hotel.. there wasn’t even a courtesy microwave at front desk,4
3613, February 2018,Hidden Gem in plain sight,"Your hotel has to be awesome if it has a Sugar Factory inside! The room we had was small, and I wasn't a fan of the sliding bathroom doors. It's a really cool hotel with a nice bar area. The staff was friendly, even when it was extremely busy. It was also a great price for such a great location. Will definitely stay there again.",4
3614, May 2018,FRONT DESK ASSOCIATE SHANTELLE ROCKS!,"I want to thank and review Awesome Shantelle, From them moment she started with the check in, to going out of her way to get me a nice room, SHE GOT ME THE BEST ROOM EVER, a really powerful but extremely professional lady, she made my stay in NYC A PERFECT ONE! Once again/ Shantelle THANK YOU!! YOU ARE A DOLL! I wish the whole staff were as beautiful, generous, you saw me exhausted and made it so easy to be ok!! GOD BLESS YOU SHANTELLE!! 🌺🙏💙",5
3615, May 2018,Hotel Review,"This is a well planned and designed hotel, There is a food hall in the lobby area (City Kitchen) so no room service, smelly rooms and food plates left outside for hours. City Kitchen has lots of good food variety and areas to sit and eat. The 24 hour gym is great as well as many computer desktops in the lobby to print stuff. The modern design of the hotel is keeping with a sustainable no plastic policy, fill your water bottles (which were given) at outlets on every floor. The front desk service was great especially Robert who gave us an upgrade for a discounted fee and addressed our needs and concerns. My only issue was the sheets which were synthetic polyester, so can heat up during the night. In keeping with the natural environmentally friendly theme, maybe cotton sheets",4
3616, April 2018,Would book again!,"Great location, amazing staff and amazing room. We had a twin queen room which was ample size, the bathroom was small but who spends all their time in there?! Little qwerks like portable water bottles and reusable plastic cups with lids. Good view from the room and the tv had many channels. Yes there is some noise from the road, but what do you expect in the middle of new york?",5
3617, April 2018,ROW HOTEL,"Terrible rooms need a good clean, the rooms were way to small, staff was ok didn't go out the way to help, lifts were a complete nightmare, shower area couldn't swing a cat around, checking in wait time hideous - just avoid this hotel",1
3618, April 2018,"Location, location, location...","Every year we make a trip to NYC for shows, this is the best place we've stayed. Great location near theaters, subway and a food court you can get to without going outside. Our check-in clerk Cesar was great. We had opted in for a room upgrade and he worked his butt off making it happen. 26th floor corner room with wonderful views. The lobby bar has one of the best cheese/charcuterie plates I've ever had at a reasonable price, and the glass of wine was a decent sized pour. Definitely will be back.",5
3619, April 2018,Row NYC Hotel - Excellent service,"Just returned from a trip to new York and stayed at the ROW hotel, everything was excellent and staff member JUNIOR was very pleasant and helpful. the hotel was great it had everything we needed and it is in an excellent location. All this helped make a great holiday, we would return to this hotel again.",5
3620, April 2018,Good value for money,"Cool hotel, the best location in NY and great staff. Only the bathroom could be a little bit cleaner, but on the whole it was a great experience. Would definitely recommend and hope to come back soon!",5
3621, April 2018,Excellent Hotel,"This is an excellent hotel, its in a great location, 2 minutes to times square. The staff are very helpful there's always someone in the reception information section to offer help with directions and give you a map or answer any question, the rooms are small but clean and nice, I'd say this hotel adequately priced! I'd definitely stay there again!",5
3622, April 2018,BEST SEAT(ROW) IN BROADWAY NYC.,"This hotel is right in Theater land. 2 Mins to Times Square and beyond. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast is convenient but maybe City next door was cheaper and less busy early in morning. Room 2207 was super. City view with comfy beds and great wi fi. Safe is included and water bottles Lifts are always busy but a good system is in place,dial in floor and lift takes you there. A super hotel to stay in NYC.",5
3623, April 2018,The best hotel in New York,"First of all, the staff were extremely helpful from the reception team to the bar staff. Our room was a beautiful double suite facing Times Square and the H&M building (pictured below) The location of this hotel is everything. We walked to Times Square (2 minutes), Central Park (15 minutes), Empire State Building (20/25 minutes), Rockefeller (15 mins walk) and we took an uber to Battery Park to see the World Trade Center and catch the ferry to liberty island ($20 each way, very cheap and more pleasant than taking the subway) Our beds were very comfortable and our rooms were immaculately tidy. Having a bad hotel will ruin a trip and with so many in New York to choose from it felt like we’d won the lottery with the level of luxury we had stumbled upon. We loved our trip",5
3624, April 2018,Very appreciate the service mind of Mr. Douglas,I have visited Row NYC on 30 April 2018 and Mr. Douglas was very helpful to our family. He provided useful information such as good restaurant in NYC and interested attraction in NYC so we are very appreciated.,5
3625, April 2018,Great stay in New York,Long weekend get away. Didn’t know much about this hotel but liked location. It lived up to the reviews I read. Staff was top notch. Rooms small but clean and served the purpose for sleep. Bathroom was clean and well lighted.,5
3626, April 2018,Great NYC hotel!,"Row NYC has a great location and fabulous staff. Everyone from Yanelly at the front desk, to her supervisor Michelle, and other team members Helena and Michael were helpful and accommodating when I visited with my 80 year old mother. I highly recommend this hotel if you want comfortable rooms , great service and a central, iconic NYC location. I've recommended to friends and family and will definitely stay there again.",5
3627, April 2018,Great location for a great price!,Great location! Great price! I have stayed here more than once. The bartender Josie and staff was beyond friendly. Will stay here again! We were so close to everything. Just a few blocks from Central Park and only one block to Time Square and several shows! Easy access to the subway. The hotel is very clean. The cleaning staff is very friendly and accommodating. We always love our free water bottles with check-in! I recommend to all my friends traveling to NYC!,5
3628, April 2018,April stay at Row NYC,"overall a good experience. I would stay there again. the rooms were clean, the housekeeping staff was very friendly and accommodating. the food court was very nice - good variety of different foods and drinks. liked it that there was hotel staff monitoring who got on elevators at night. needed to see a room key before allowing to use elevators. for the most part quiet.",4
3629, April 2018,the difference: a touch of human warmth,"Jarlin Gonzales solved our problems efficiently and expeditiously. She always called us to confirm that everything was in order. One day, the room was left unwashed and the air conditioning did not work. Everything is solved. And as a touch of human warmth, he personally came to our room to greet us. Knowing the face of the people who solve our problems, made us feel at home.",5
3630, April 2018,Excellent hotel staff,"We had a great stay at the ROW NYC Hotel! From the moment of arrival, we felt welcome by the exceptional staff service provided by Junior. Other staff throughout our stay were always ready to answer any questions and assist in any way possible. Great location!",5
3631, April 2018,A NYC gem,"This was our second time staying here and will definitely stay here again. Location, location, location! You are close to so much fun stuff! Central Park, Times Square, shopping, Birdland, Restaurant Row..... and that’s just the beginning.",5
3632, April 2018,Very friendly and charming front desk,"Met Robert and Douglas at the front desk, they were very friendly and helpful. They are also very charming people and it was a pleasure meeting them:) The room they got for me is on the top floor and has a great city view. It is small in terms of sq. feet but the decoration is very good that the room actually feels spacious. Awesome for one person and good for two people.",5
3633, April 2018,A bit disappointed,"I came here 5-6 years ago ... and really loved the place. Big room, and right next to Times Square. But I have to confess the service is absolutely not the same than before ... and moreover quite more expensive ! Not sure I’ll come back unfortunately.",2
3634, April 2018,Another great stay at the ROW NYC,"I always enjoy going to New York and staying at the Row Hotel. It it a great location, the rooms are clean and well maintained, everyone is friendly and very helpful and the price is great. It has a great coffee bar that turns into a real bar at night also with live music. The food at City Kitchen is really good!!",5
3635, April 2018,In the heart of Times Square,"Just like New York City - this hotel never sleeps! The excitement and bustle of Times Square can be felt as soon as you step into the lobby. Nicely decorated interior, personable check-in staff and clean room!",4
3636, April 2018,GREAT,IT Was amazing. For my first night it was decent and clean.. Also comfortable and workers are great! I enjoyed it very much! I shall be back pretty soon!! I HIGHLY RECOMMMMEND ROW NYCCCCC! It was just great!,5
3637, April 2018,親切に予約してくれました。,"Robert kindly reserved a restaurant. We don’t speak English well,so we were nervous about telephone conversation. Robert thank you very much. タイムズスクエアに近く立地は最高です。 部屋も広くはないですが女性2人で利用するには問題ありません。 難点はバスルームのドアが隙間が大きすぎることぐらいです。5センチぐらいの隙間があり鍵はありません。気になる方は辛いかもしれません。",5
3638, April 2018,"Great location, clean and Modern",Room was clean and interactions with the staff wer professional and pleasant. Rooms are ok sized for NYC. The room was nicely decorated. We were on the 20th floor. Street noise was not a problem. We were facing time square and could see some of the displays and a reflection of the ball in One of the buildings. It is very convenient to all of the theater District and Hell’s Kitchen. We would stay here again.,4
3639, April 2018,Clean and Convenient,"Stayed for 5 nights in April 2018. We arrived shortly after midday and went to check in, our room was not ready but we were able to store our bags and head out. We were told that we would be emailed when the room was ready. We headed to a restaurant a block away and by the time we had sat down we were emailed. After heading back we got back in the check in queue as the automatic check in was not working. There was quite a sizable queue yet only 2 people checking people in (earlier there had been 6) yet other staff seemed to just be stood behind the counter chatting. After collecting our bags we headed up to the room on the 11th floor. The room was decent if on the basic side. Think a decent travelodge room. The bathroom was on the small side but has a bath and shower, most",4
3640, April 2018,Worst experience ever in NYC,"Terrible old room, very noisy from the outside and also the neighbors rooms. Elevators take more than 10 min to arrive. Very poor breakfast area and service. Super busy hotel with not much staff. Absolutely pricey for what you get!!!",1
3641, April 2018,Enjoyed our vacation,"Had an awesome time in New York. I recommend this Hotel, everyone was polite and helpful, especially Cristina T at the front desk. She answered all of our questions and maintained a professional and friendly attitude.",5
3642, April 2018,Amazing Stay,Such a beautiful hotel and friendly welcome! Rooms are perfect and cozy. Cesar at check in was such a big help and made checking in super easy and gave us a good laugh! Thank you Row NYC for an amazing stay & to Cesar for the help!,5
3643, April 2018,Best hotel in NYC,"From the location and affordable rooms to the fitness center and breakfast options, ROW NYC is the best hotel in Manhattan. Christina at check in was courteous and friendly. I just checked in and am already enjoying my trip!",5
3644, April 2018,The ROW has pros and cons,"During my stay at the ROW, I was positively surprised by the corner room that we booked. The room was spacious and had windows at both sides, offering a lot of natural light. The bathroom included a bath and had plenty of towels and bath products. However, the room as a whole wasn't as clean as I expected. I found two hairs in the bath and the mirror had some dirty spots. Luckily, the bed was clean and comfortable. When you book at the ROW keep in mind that you have to pay $30 extra per day for the use of Wifi and water cooler. This cost is not optional and has to be paid. Personally, I find this odd, because it seems like a standard service when you book a room in this price class.",3
3645, April 2018,Fantastic visit to NYC!,"Our visit to Row NYC was fantastic, the hotel was in such a good location and was really easy to find! The hotel has everything you need including a great range of food and drinks available - we only ate breakfast which was really good but a little on the expensive side. The room itself was great, just a little small - it was fine for two of us exploring the city though, if we were there longer than 5 days we may have wanted more storage however we had a beautiful view from the room! We want to give Junior a huge thank you for giving us a few upgraded extras to help make our anniversary trip extra special! We will definitely visit NYC again and will be back to stay at Row!",5
3646, April 2018,Great Hotel,"This is the fourth time we've stayed at this hotel and have not been disappointed. The convenience to Broadway makes it a great place to stay. The hotel staff is very professional and courteous. Several hours prior to our arrival, we were able to check in online and receive our room numbers. Upon arrival, we received our room keys from a kiosk and were able to head upstairs to our rooms. It made the check-in process quick! The rooms are small, but we didn't spend much time in them and they were comfortable and clean. The food court attached to the hotel made it easy to grab a quick bite without leaving the hotel before beginning our day. Overall, it was a great experience.",5
3647, April 2018,Amazing!,"My friend and I came to NYC for the first time. We were so nervous. However, a hotelman named Robert talked kindly to us. Robert is the best hotelman! He can speak Japanese, so we could communicate easily with him. Thank you for your kindness!!",5
3648, April 2018,Our stay at row,"Let me start by saying it was a pretty cool place. The room was smaller than expected, pictures aren’t very accurate. 2 main things that threw me off was when we arrived the bedsheets has stains and hairs in them and the pillow case had a stain of some sort as well. The internet is included in a mandatory “resort fee” that cost an extra $35 a day on top of your price for the room, and the internet was beyond slow. Took forever To connect and then took forever to load pages. We didn’t try the food or gym. But we did try the bar, excellent customer service, friendly people, drinks are a little pricy, but doable. The stay seem friendly and professional for the most part. It is located in a great spot with tons of stuff near by. My overall rating is 3 out of 5. If pictures of the",3
3649, April 2018,Nope,"Absolutely no. One of the worst hotels I’ve ever stayed in. The location is in bustling Times Square - convenient, but so loud and crowded, mobbed by peddlers just to enter the hotel and the cacophony of cars, crowds and choas is beyond bearable. Then you enter and it’s equally a zoo inside. A lobby with literally hundreds, if not thousands of people. Mayhem every where, people running up and down stairs, kids EVERYWHERE (and I love kids, but seriously...like being in a playground), lines every where for the cafe and front desk and a lobby filled with computers. Indescribable! The the room...I paid for the “superior” upgrade. It was the size of a shoe box. I could sit on the toilet, shower and be at the sink in one fell swoop...no where to put my toiletries or make up. Louder",1
3650, April 2018,"Great location and staff, but our stay was not what we expected","ROW NYC has an amazing location and the staff is warm and welcoming. The lobby is fresh, modern and clean. Our stay was not a good experience though. We had some problems with our room that are not acceptable. The space in the room (behind the curtain) where you can find the iron and hairdryer had a big gap between the wall and the floor so you could see all dust and dirt and that felt not very fresh. Our outlet next to the bed did not work. They told us that they were going to clean our room (new towels, new toilet paper) at 3pm but when we came back no one had been there helping us with this. And our toilet was hard to flush so unfortunately it got full and we had no toilet brush to solve the problem by ourselves. When a man came to help us he did not ask how we are, if we",2
3651, April 2018,Convenient Location and nice Staff,"Room had a great view as requested and front desk personnel was always helpful. Express check-out was a plus to avoid the hassle. Also our flight back home left at midnight so they offered us no-charge storage for our luggage until 10PM, this was really appreciated.",4
3652, April 2018,Just what we need,"Just spent first night at ROW NYC. Not disappointed, checked in with Shantelle last night, she was great and really helpful and welcoming, even treated us to a complimentary drink because she noticed my date of birth on my passport - we’ve come to NYC to celebrate my 30th birthday this weekend. Made us feel very welcome and valued guests. The room is great, clean and perfect for resting after busy day. The bathroom is clean and the shower is hot and actually fast. Wasn’t too noisy on a night considering we have a room right round the corner from the lifts. Overall happy so far with our choice of hotel.",5
3653, April 2018,Loyalty doesn't seem to matter,"We've stayed here at least six times. Referred Row NYC many times. We got a very small dinky room, horrible view. The room we requested is the same we've always requested. Just thought as returning guests to receive at least the same room as before.",3
3654, April 2018,Efficient Elevators,Never seen elevators like this. They have 8. You select the floor from the LOBBY. It then directs you to what elevator to take. MUCH more efficient. Usually if you have 10 ppl in lobby they all get on same elevator...right? This way it figures out who is going to what floor. I've stayed in more places than most people and never seen this before.,5
3655, April 2018,NYC show trip,"Just checked into Row NYC. Comfortable room close to Broadway. Staff are friendly, helpful. Christina at the front desk was fantastic and made things easy checking in. Several restaurants in the hotel are convenient and folks on elevator said they are good. Will check them out over the coming days",5
3656, April 2018,Good position and kind staff,"The position of the hotel is very good, near to times Square and near to subway (1 minut of walk). Thanks to Maurice for everything, he was very kind and professional. The only thing that need to be improved is the cleaning of the room.",5
3657, April 2018,Sleep in a subway!,Room 833 was located right next to the elevator and gave you the feeling that you were sleeping in a subway. I have reported this to the reception but was not properly treated. The room was kept clean.,1
3658, April 2018,Comfortable and clean,"The hotel has a great location, conmfortable bed and linnens. Its great for vacations. The gym only provides for upper body lifts, so a little limited for my taste. The food court is good. In just missed more healthy options.",4
3659, April 2018,"Good location, average hotel.","We tried to use the express check in on the tablet because I checked in online earlier but it could not find my reservation so we waited in line about 10 minutes or so. We were upgraded to a different room away from the elevator upon check in. The room looked like it needed to be fixed (clearly missing pieces on drawers, broken side of table, paint on white drawers, broken hanger on the floor. My partner found a used bobby pin in our bed when we first arrived.) We went downstairs and they put us back to our standard room. Our last night and morning there, our hallway reeked of weed. The lines at the elevator were long, especially because I think one night there was a school trip checking in. I did appreciate that there was someone there to check room keys. For how much I paid,",3
3660, April 2018,Average,"Wasn’t impressed with the place. We reserved 2 rooms, one with the parking package, the other with the breakfast package. The front desk staff were not warm or welcoming. We mentioned both packages but had to go back later to get vouchers that we were supposed to receive for breakfast. Same thing happened with parking. We were told we were all set, then we were sent back to the front desk because our parking ticket wasn’t stamped. Just a lot of disorganization on their part which was a waste of time for us. On a positive note, breakfast was excellent!",3
3661, April 2018,"excellent location, pleasant stay","excellent location, pleasant stay... loved the available options for food, coffee; walking distance to the best of times square. while i did not use their internet or gym, others who i traveled with did and were pleased.",5
3662, April 2018,Magical honeymoon experience!,"Being from South Africa and being on honeymoon, we were looking for a magical honeymoon experience...and we found it! At ROW NYC, with the brilliant Cesar’s help, we found it! We stayed at numerous hotels throughout this trip, and this hotel stuck out as our favourite! We could not be more grateful to Cesar for making our trip to NYC as special as it was! Thank you 😊",5
3663, April 2018,Modern hotel. Fantastic personal,"Was our first time in the ROW hotel. Was a great surprise how it was . Modern, comfortable, clean, friendly atmosphere, well situated. At the chek in desk the personal was friendly. I can't remember the name. Was a man who speak portuguese and spanish. Fantastic! I highly recommend it.",5
3664, April 2018,great location,"Hotel was clean, bed comfortable, employee's very nice and accommodating. The negative is that the rooms are very, very, very small. My sister and I stayed in a room with 2 twin beds. There was literally just enough room for us to walk to our beds and get in. No where to put suit cases. We had to step over them to get to beds. No drawer space, so we had to leave our clothes in the suit cases. The bathroom also, was very, very, small. Just enough room to walk in, turn around and sit on toilet. Bathroom sink was glogged, as soon as you turned on the water the sink would fill up.",3
3665, April 2018,Great location,"The staff was very efficient and friendly. Check in was very smooth. The room was on the small side but very comfortable and extremely clean. This hotel has a great location- close to Broadway, theaters, Times Square and many unique and wonderful restaurants. I have stayed here on various occasions and certainly would stay here again.",4
3666, April 2018,Great experience,"Junior at the front desk was amazing, he gave us tips about the city and places to go and overall information about the Hotel and surroundings with a big smile on his face!. The room size was small (as expected), but not an issue since we used it just for sleeping. There was a water filter outside the room which was great. The hotel breakfast was a bit disappointing, but there were City Kitchen next door and Shake Shack across the street to save us, so not a big deal. The stay was great overall, it definitely worth the money.",4
3667, April 2018,Bad service,The only thing good in this hotel is the location. All the other services are too bad! The worst is the elevator! They have just a few and we had to wait about 30 minutes every day to go down. We were at 17th floor. You'll stay at the hallway very hot waiting for the elevator and then go outside in a very cold weather.. Very bad experience!,2
3668, April 2018,amazing trip,"The Row NYC Hotel was a wonderful hotel with a prime location in midtown Manhattan. It was easy to get around to everything we wanted to do during our time. Cesar at the front desk was AMAZING!! He was so helpful, kind, and made our stay even more perfect. Our room was spacious, quiet, and clean. Thank you so much for an amazing trip!!!",5
3669, April 2018,Upset,I left my luggage in the hotel was well received and when I returned to the room the receptionist was in a bad mood. What was before she even finished answering because he doesn't speak English and she had no patience.,3
3670, April 2018,The Row Don’t Go!!!!!,"The Row is not a Hotel but a Hostel a Factory, you pay way too much for a broomcloset room (1036) 1032/1033 you will sleep in the elavator, breakfast you eat of a paper plate, we ran To Millenium hotel",1
3671, April 2018,"Great location, small room and bathroom","Location was ideal, room size and bathroom were small but not really a huge issue as we only used the room to sleep. Baggage storage expected a tip when dropping off and collecting our bags, which was a little annoying as we arrived before check in and flew home late evening so ended up having to tip 4 times.",4
3672, April 2018,Fair quality,"fair service, staffs are in rush, petform on own duty. Excellent location, no water complimentary in room Feel unsecure due to very crowded and not always check the card system in the elevators. Unfriendly staff at night time bag-service.",3
3673, April 2018,Disappointed,"Pictures definitely fooled me. The Entrance/Lobby was the most appealing. For what I paid, I expected a room that didn’t have stains on the walls, a cold shower and broken furniture. Maybe I just had bad luck with the room that was given to me, however, I wouldn’t stay here again.",2
3674, April 2018,Awesome Location. Great Value. Small but good.,"The location of this hotel is great if you want to be near Times Square, the Theater District, 100 dining options, crowds, nightlife, subway access, etc. I'll be critical in my review below, but to be positive first, it's 4 stars because everything was fine, the location was great, and the price is the lowest I could find in Times Square. We had no problems or issues. Also: 1. Room was clean, fresh towels, no dirt or smells or problems. 2. The TV and A/C and iron and phone all worked fine, no problems. 3. Check-in was smooth, always hotel security and concierge and baggage to help. 4. Internet worked fine with no problems. 5. The on-site food court is very cool, lots of great options. Even calling it a food court sounds to casual; there are some great",4
3675, April 2018,Location location location,So there are several aspects to this review.... 1- the room: super small but you pay for the location so I suppose it evens out. 2- the staff: the front desk is super rude! Extremely... don’t expect to be treated kindly. There was another lady by the front desk... Danielle... ugh. So we asked her a simple question and she responded in a flat tone.. “I don’t work at the front desk.” Seriously? And then proceed to point to the front desk. Okay. 3- district M: drinks were bomb and the bartenders were entertaining. Josie specifically was exceptional! He made killer drinks and was friendly! Definitely worth 5 stars! Come here for a drink! Overall... you’re paying for your location... but if you stay here don’t forget to grab a drink!,3
3676, April 2018,The Row NYC,we stayed 7 nights in the Row mid April 2018. Met Junior at check in... The other reviews are correct this guy is a legend in his own lobby 😁. He up graded us to a better room and made us feel so welcome! Hotel has a nice modern feel. Live music in the bar a few nights a week. The hotel has a 24hr shop in the lobby if you need anything. Very clean hotel. Rooms are great & are cleaned ever day with fresh bedding and towels. Central location close to bus terminal and subway. Walking distance from Times Square and all the Broadway shows. We would certainly stay there again,5
3677, April 2018,Excellent all around,"We were checked in very quickly and because we were early, the front desk staff came and got us as soon as our room was ready, in just about 10 minutes. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and attentive to our every need. Our room was very, very clean and had everything we needed. The marble bathroom with oversized soaking tub and luxurious shower heads were a real treat! The room was right near the elevators and we never heard any noise. The hotel location could not be better. It has a nostalgic, old New York City feel, but with all modern amenities and renovations. Within about a quarter mile to most of the theaters and Times Square. We even had a beautiful view of the river from our room. Everything about this hotel was perfect and we will certainly choose it for our",5
3678, April 2018,Interphex,"Hotel is an old structure, which does not provide any sound proof materials. Sirens all over can be heard every 5 minute all day and night. Room does not have mini fridge and coffee pot so you have to buy overpriced food and drinks at the TSQ area. I had a VIP room and I never got access to the ice/water supply room. My key got damaged and I had to make the check in line for 20 minutes to get it reprogrammed and get access to my room. The District M and City Kitchen are way over priced so we decided to go to other places around 9th avenue to get breakfast, lunch and dinner. Cristina T served us in a great manner",2
3679, April 2018,"Nice location, Nice hotel.","Our 6 Night's at the Row was a good experience. The bed was good, the room ok and the location on the 26'th Stock was perfect! Nice bed and no noise from the street. Friendly staff. The elevator system is perfect, we did never had to wait too long. We Will be back!",4
3680, April 2018,Will Stay at the Row again for sure!,Just got back from 4 nights at the Row. It is an excellent location and they upgraded us to 2 double beds without asking. Have only great things to say - the City Kitchen has good prices for something to eat before or after a long day. Our bed wasn't made up when we got there - the manager was up in minutes to make sure it was. Our power was temporarily off on the tv one night and they had a person up in less than 5 minutes to have it fixed. Only good things to say about the Row. Will definitely stay there again.,5
3681, April 2018,Cesar was very helpful,"It’s a very busy place, but the staff is great. Patient and helpful. Especially Cesar. Rooms are compact, clean and comfortable. Plus it’s a perfect location for Broadway lovers. Right around the corner from many theatres, Carmine’s & Planet Hollywood.",5
3682, November 2017,Not very impressed,There was a very long queue to check in Our room was very small with two double beds making it very squashed and there wasn't much other room to move about comfortably. The location is good but very very busy around the front of the hotel which you would expect from times square but also the lobby area/downstairs of the hotel was very busy all the time I wouldn't stay here again,2
3683, April 2018,Won’t find a friendlier place!,CESAR CESAR CESAR!! He honestly made my whole stay 100000x better. He was very friendly and welcoming!! Knowing people like him so thoughtful still work in this business give you peace of mind! Once again HUGE THANKS TO CESAR AND HOPE HE STAYS THIS COOL!,5
3684, April 2018,Excellent location...walk everywhere!,"Broadway at your doorstep, and 5th Avenue close by. All the tour buses, shopping, restaurants an easy walk. Modern rooms and great staff. Safe neighbourhood. Thanks especially to Junior, who was very knowlegable and helpful as we celebrated our Anniversary from 14 years ago at the same hotel!",5
3685, April 2018,Great view,"Staff are so welcoming and friendly especially cesar !!! The city view from our room is great , room is nice and clean , beds are comfy, great location close to times square and central park. We are enjoying our stay so far",5
3686, March 2018,Great location,"Yes the rooms are small but the location makes up for it. Close to Central Park, Times Square, Port Authority and subway stations. Very friendly staff, very busy hotel. Would definitely recommend this hotel if ever return to New York.",4
3687, April 2018,Awesome Douglds!!,"Excellent hotel with a very good location,very close to Time square! Clean room and nice cityview. High quality service mainly from the front dest, Douglds!!! He was super nice and helpful. Two thumbs up!!!",5
3688, April 2018,Good Value,"Considering ROW NYC is very close to Times Square, the nightly rate for this room (one full size bed) was quite reasonable. The room was clean, but did not allow me to adjust the thermostat so I had to cool the room down by opening the window.",4
3689, April 2018,Wow for Row,"For weary travelers, ROW can be a god send. I was contacted the morning of my arrival. I completed the info that I would be arriving 3 hrs. prior to regulation check-in time. When I went to the concierge, she verified that my room was ready at the requested time. I got my room key immediately. There was no need to check my bag and return 3 hrs. later for check-in. Departure was just as efficient. Merely drop your key in a slot in the lobby and adios.",5
3690, April 2018,Cheap in every way,"Hotel room & hallways were dirty. Bed was super uncomfortable. Location is right next to the theaters, but there's clearly a reason it's so cheap - we definitely won't be staying there again. Also, the day we checked in, a cleaning person let themselves into our room while I was changing without knocking. When I slammed the door shut she said we should've checked out by now. It was a really awkward mixup on the hotel's part. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone.",2
3691, April 2018,The best location and a cozy hotel. Good staff. Good food.,Thank you Cesar for the great view of our bed room! Thank you nice staff in the bar. The hotel is really close to Times Square. The bar as a cozy ambience. City kitchen is a very good option for diner.,5
3692, April 2018,Excellent Hotel,"Excellent hotel with a very good location, very close to Times Square High quality service mainly from the front desk Junior who was very attentive and helpful Clean room and bathroom Would definitely recommend this hotel to those who want to visit New York",5
3693, April 2018,Customer Service,Christina gave us excellent service when our room needed changing. We were very happy with the result as she was so helpful. Our room had a wonderful view of the city and there was plenty of space for us.,5
3694, April 2018,Conference & personal.,"Our hotel associate Junior, did an exceptional job with check in. The maid service started way to early in the morning. Loved the elevator system which made getting to your floor effortless, though the hotel is very very. A zoo!",5
3695, April 2018,Row NYC - Pooor,Foyer has been refurbished to a decent level Rooms disappointing - not as shown on the website. Food disappointing Staff friendly Double glazing let’s too much noise in Tricky to get lower cost hotels in this part of the City I would stay slightly further away and walk a little further or Uber or subway,2
3696, April 2018,Best Staff and Value,"When checking in, we were greeted by the welcoming and friendly Cesar. He was so accommodating, gave us the level of service you would expect at a 5 star hotel! The hotel appeared to be very up to date with the rooms having a very New York feel. For the money definitely the best value in Times Square!",5
3697, April 2018,Row NYC,"Booked The Row NYC hotel for a quick getaway to NYC for a friends birthday. The rates are very reasonable considering the location, right in the heart of the tourist trap just off Times Square. Fantastic location for exploring the city. The rooms are small, pretty basic but very clean and well worth what you pay and the staff are wonderful. Special mention for Cesar who checked us in. What a great guy, made us feel very welcome and really took care of our needs. Super guy, great hotel for the price.",4
3698, April 2018,1928 and it shows.,"This was one of the original mega hotels in Manhattan. Built in 1928. Boy does it show. The rooms are photographed using extreme wide angle lenses, they don’t show the bathrooms in photos because there is barely enough space to turn around. Both of these points wouldn’t be that unexpected for Manhattan...but the ROW missed the mark. Wall paper and slopped on paint don’t make a dirty room liveable. And a bathroom that features mildew all over isn’t presentable. Overall this place is gross, I’ll be glad to pay $100 more a night and go back to my normal Hilton properties again.",1
3699, April 2018,Cristina T at reception,"Checking in with Cristina was a very pleasant experience. She was helpful, polite and funny. The hotel is great - quirky, funky but also clean and professional. So close to everything - right in the city centre",5
3700, April 2018,Cesar is the man!,"We absolutely love Row. We've stayed here about 8 times and it just feels like home away from home. The staff is so accommodating and the location is prime!!! This trip Cesar checked us in and accommodated our request within minutes. Thank you Row. Until next time...,.",5
3701, April 2018,Very Happy,"I was completely happy with our accommodations. The elevators worked, everything was clean, internet was included, and close to anything you could need or want! Helpful staff and quiet rooms! Overall experience was excellent!",5
3702, April 2018,Great Location But Room Is Smaller than I expected,I choose to stay 5 night at ROW NYC because of the location. I didn't expected a big room in NYC but it is smaller than I was expected. But the housekeeper did a good job on fixing the bed daily and make the room neat. But carpet can be upgrade... didn't feel clean to me. I love the food vendor there at City Kitchen. All good vendor there. Too crowded in the evening.,3
3703, April 2018,"Good location, bad installations","I was in New York with my girlfriend for a week. We chose this hotel because of its good location (near Broadway) and at her recommendation, whom stayed at this hotel when it was still called Milford. But our nightmare has already begun at check-in. A rude staff did not make us feel welcome from the beggining. They put us in a room, supposedly overlooking the street, but actually there was no view as there was a small balcony of the hotel structure that did not give us the promised view (on the contrary, it blocked that!!). When we went downstairs to complain to another desk clerk, we were told that this room we were in was two upgrades above our reservation (I do not even want to imagine what the original room would look like!!!). The photos showed on our reservation did not",2
3704, April 2018,Nice Trip,"Great hotel, though small but comfortable. Funny and friendly front desk staff. Enthusiastic and responsible cleaning staff. Convenient location. Complete and detailed question reply. A variety of delicious meals. Evening bar performances are also very enthusiastic. A hotel that people enjoy very much!",5
3705, April 2018,Row NYC,"I was in NYC to attend a big education research conference, this location was excellent. My husband joined me a few days after I arrived and spent time sight seeing. The location was very handy for his purposes. Our hotel experience was a very good one, we felt safe, secure, and the standards of cleanliness and comfort in our room were excellent.",4
3706, April 2018,Pam,Found the hotel so central and Cesar on reception was more than helpful and such a polite Man...The Room was very nice and comfortable and had a fabulous City View will definately return again next year.,5
3707, April 2018,Row NYC - Phoenix of The Milford Plaza 18 Years on,"We stayed in this hotel in 2000 and 18 years on it has been transformed. Full glacial sand blasting on the exterior brick work and full-out refit internally. You can find out all of that on Google. Back then it was a budget kind of hotel. Today it is also a minimalist operation. That is not a bad thing. The good news is that this hotel has the same principles of the touristic experience, but in far more vibrant surroundings. Price wise you can't really beat the equation between cost, facility and location. I began my experience in a room next to the elevators. The walls shook all the time. It was like having a tram line passing through every five minutes. The overhead light had funked out and daylight was non-existent because the window backed out on to a wall no more than two",4
3708, March 2018,Not coming again,"The cleanest of the room and the bathroom is poor, the price is over compare to the quality. Hotel lacks room service and spa facility has a kitchen gallery at the lobby floor which is good Location is excellent but honestly there are other options with similar price same location and better quality. Would not come again or recommend it",1
3709, April 2018,Great location,Great location just round the corner from all broadway shows. Everything nearby can walk or use the subway to all the main site seeing spots. Great shopping in Times Square fantastic atmosphere. Once on your room no noise just look out and enjoy the night life,4
3710, April 2018,Connie,Great location! Clean reasonably priced! Definitely would stay here again! Check in was great. Cristina is awesome giving us great information about where to go and what to see and how to maneuver the city.,5
3711, December 2017,Amazing location and great hotel,"We stayed at the Row NYC Hotel for a week in December while exploring New York. I can not express how fantastic the location is. It is located only a few minutes walk away from Times Square, and right next to plenty of restaurants and bars. The hotel is within walking distance to Central Park - a lovely walk. The hotel's rooms were well furnished and modern. The room we stayed in wasn't the biggest room, however, this was expected for central New York. The check in and out process was smooth. Great hotel for exploring the city and getting to prime locations. It was the best value for money and location -, especially during the festive season. Overall a good hotel.",5
3712, April 2018,A nice place to stay,"People are nice, and room is clean. Location and food are good. Printing, WIFI, and international/national calls are free. The lady who helped me clean the room was very nice. But when I first stepped into the room, I saw a little dust on the tables and the top of my bed. One day I found a used towel still in the bathroom after house keeping, my blanket was not well covered. Another issue is that it's not easy to get your luggage stored.",4
3713, April 2018,Girls Broadway Weekend,"The location is excellent essentially being right in Times Square and next to the Majestic Theater. The bar and lobby are very modern and great gathering places. The staff is exceptional, so friendly and helpful.",4
3714, April 2018,My check in process was a breeze!,My front desk agent Shantelle was nothing short of amazing. She was friendly helpful and super knowledgeable of the city. It was refreshing to get that level of customer service in Manhattan. Not to mention the rooms are nice and comfortable. I will be back,5
3715, April 2018,Shantelle,"Special thanks to Shantelle ! She helped us excellent at the front desk to get our rooms, small but everything you need ! What an exciting city and nice hotel on a perfect location for sightseeing in New York !",5
3716, April 2018,"Central location, close to every subway","Entrance, guests next to us were a bit loud but that is not related to the hotel experience. Very fast service when asking for towels, extra pillows. Food in the area caters to tourists so just go one block in any direction and there are better choices",4
3717, April 2018,3 star at its best,"We arrived on Sunday 15th April, the room was 2424, it was so dirty, blinds dirty, skirting boards with black dust from weeks ago, bathroom room mirror dusty, decoration marks on walls, plug sockets broken, and a great big extraction pipe for a view which we could hear all night. We demanded a room change straight away but no rooms were available so we had to stay the night in it. Rooms are a little tired. I had requested to the hotel it was for a surprise 50th birthday, no mention or gesture of the 50th birthday celebration for my husband. No tea/coffee facilities in the room. This is not a 4 star hotel. The reception staff didn’t really promote breakfast at the hotel or any meals within the hotel. Yes rooms are noisy, constant horns and sirens are going on all night, but",1
3718, April 2018,Great Location,"This is a great hotel, close to times square, but not right in it! A block away from 9th avenue which has great restaurants but not as hectic as times square. Rooms are small but clean. Didn't eat at the restaurant attached to the hotel, but walked in and food looked good!",4
3719, April 2018,Great location!,"Very good hotel, small rooms but they meet your basic needs. Great location in Times Square. Nice staff. Very safe.I also like that I could walk from my conference place back and forth. Even though, I had heard that NYC is not safe, I was pleasantly surprised with how easy and safe was to walk from the hotel to the nearby restaurants, shops, and places to visit. Please add free continental breakfast, or at least put a small coffee maker in the rooms. Overall, great hotel!",4
3720, April 2018,False Advertisement of Incentives and Tiny Rooms,"The standard rooms are closet size and they do not follow through with the advertisement incentives. Do not stay here! Do not stay here! Run! The same advertisements were why I selected this hotel and they did not give me the $ for flight, airport shuttle, or Starbucks coffee. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!",1
3721, April 2018,Only for young people,It is very good located in heart of Times Square. But is too noisy and there is a lot people. We had to wait for 5 minutes every day for elevators. The rooms are too small if you don`t make an upgrade.,3
3722, April 2018,Terrible and overpriced,"I will not send my enemies to this place. Overpriced, sneaky charges on your card, room next to an elevator shaft - who designed that? Small beds, two people cannot turn around on their version of a double bed.",1
3723, March 2018,Great location,Stayed one night at Row in NYC. We took the subway and the hotel was right on the same block maybe 500 away. The location was just a short walk to Times Square. The room was clean but the walls were very thin. I could hear the family in the next room talking as if they were in my room. The elevators were a little odd and a few times we had to take service elevators to get to our floor (floor 16). I heard police sirens a lot in this hotel at all times of night maybe because of the location. One plus for sure was the food cart right outside the hotel. 👍🏻,3
3724, April 2018,Eh,"Need room service to be an option. Full breakfast choices like French toast , bacon etc... you need a front waiter in front of Dm restaurant to help if a guest questions as where to sit or wait to be seated",3
3725, April 2018,My stay at Row,"The bed was very low to the ground. At 63 it was difficult getting in and out of the bed. Also, I was charged an additional $103 over the quoted price. My credit card was charged two weeks before my arrival.",3
3726, April 2018,Average hotel close to times square,"Good hotel near Times Square...nothing exceptional, everything was average. Room cleaning could be better. Breakfast was continental with not great choice of options. Location is great close to theatres.",3
3727, April 2018,Bad,Nothing good to say about this hotels Hate the fact that elevator is controled on computer Breakfast room (?) looks like a street restaurant and certainly not like a hotel breakfast room Very noisy lobby,1
3728, April 2018,Great stay at NYC!,It was a very nice and affordable stay. Everyone was very nice. I would stay there again if I would go back to New York. It was at a very convenient place. There was tons of places to eat and go to very close by.,4
3729, April 2018,Pricey but worth it,"It is very well located, near everything. The room is very small, had no place to store my luggage and neither to put my clothes. The amenities of the room had no place to be left in the room by the house keeping either. It was very clean everyday.",4
3730, March 2018,Great hotel...great location,"We stayed at The Row for a mother/daughter trip to NYC. We wanted a convienent location where we would feel safe. Everything was perfect. The rooms were small but we knew that from other reviews. For the price, it was a great deal. We will be back!",5
3731, March 2018,Wicked,"I’ve recently spent a week in New York City with my partner, and we stayed at this hotel. First we got dropped to our hotel, were amazed at the location (just one street away from Times Square) and it was right opposite shake shack (I’m a foodie). The hotel itself is amazing, the reception/lobby was so chic, it had a bar, restaurant and a gift shop which was 24 hours. Also, right next door to the hotel was SUGAR, an absolutely amazing sweet shop. We checked in, paid a $350 dollar fee straight up (kind of sucks) which we got half back at the end of our stay, this was annoying as we didn’t get to spend that money because we were going home. Our room was small, and we had a view of the next building from our window, which didn’t really matter at all. Double bed, a desk, a tv, bath",5
3732, April 2018,Poor service and very impolite hotel staff. Only spark is the location is ideal but not worth the pricing.,"Let me touch on the good - Location. Near lotsa of eateries and restaurants. Proud and attitude problem staff. Small room, no space for luggages. Breakfast is limited and items like juices are chargeable 😒",2
3733, April 2018,A very accommodating staff,"I would like to give 5 stars to robert from the front desk for being kind and very accommodating to me. He even took time to check out my reservation because something was wrong with the extended date. To anyone who's going to check out the row, pls see to it that Robert will take care of you, he is nice and very friendly.",5
3734, April 2018,GRI NYC,Good location and staff reception. Optimize the time. Only problem is the level of the music on the hall. The fast food is ok and there are many services places around. For who like Times Square is a great option.,3
3735, April 2018,Good play to stay. Need r,Great location for those who want to stay on Broadway. It is an old building with retrofit and with many rooms however this does not compromise the quality. Impeccable cleaning. Reformed in the past already shows signs of wear and needs renovation in the rooms besides the modernization of the air conditioning system (refrigeration and very noisy heating). New dining options are a differential. The staff were very helpful. The policy of collection of resort rate in NYC hotels brings budget impact with minimal benefit,4
3736, April 2018,Excellent,"The best Hotel In New York . Every team lovely and Friendely . I recommend. The Location excellent, near times square, train, central park. Near Every espetaculous of brodway, its grat!!! Thanks Row and every team.",5
3737, April 2018,"great hotel, excellent staff, location right near Broadway theaters, inconsistent hot water in shower","The staff were really very nice, noticed my height and made sure I had a bed that would fit me--giving me a free upgrade. I haven't had service like that in a hotel in a long time. While it was noisy outside, I don't really know what you can expect in an NYC hotel and people honk their car horns. The hot water in the shower was sometimes just warm, sometimes hot, and sometimes cold. Other than that, really great place.",4
3738, April 2018,Perfect,This is my 2nd time staying here in 3 weeks! Great location for everything NYC has to offer! I love the restaurants upstairs attached to the ROW! The ramen spot and DOUGH I couldn't get enough of! I will be back in 2 weeks!,5
3739, April 2018,Awful place to stay.,"I do not recommend ROW NYC. The room was nothing like the internet pictures. Very dirty. Paint chips on the floors, cracked tiles, dusty and needed a good paint job on the walls( without dripping on the floor)",1
3740, April 2018,Rough night,"I was very disappointed with the room . They gave me a room that I initially thought was a broom closet, right next to the elevator. The hotel staff was nice enough to give me a new room on my second night, but damage has been done. I will not return to that hotel.",2
3741, April 2018,Great hotel just a block away from time square,Row was a great hotel located right in the heart of all the action near time square. Just steps away from the main avenue there was lots to see and do. The room wasn't very large but it was clean and all we needed for sleeping and storing our things. Cristina T welcomed us at the front desk when we arrived with a smile. She was very helpful in answering any questions we had and was a great start to a fantastic trip!,5
3742, April 2018,All Hail Cesar!!!!!,"This was our third time staying at Row NYC for our annual “sister weekend.” We have always enjoyed staying at Row, and continued to return because of the great location, convenience of the hotel’s bar and the restaurants in the adjacent City Kitchen. Of course, the most important factor for our returning year after year has been the consistently friendly service! We’ve been lucky enough to kick off each of our stays with the friendly and exceptional welcome by Cesar at the front desk checkin! Our room was great and we had a fabulous weekend! Thanks so much! Hope to see you next year Cesar!",5
3743, April 2018,Hail Cesar!!,"My sister’s and I have been coming to this hotel every April for three years when we have our yearly sister weekend. We love it so much and look forward to coming every year. Employees like Cesar make our trip extra special because he is always so helpful and very funny. We remembered him from last year when we checked in! We will keep coming back to this hotel for the location, City Kitchen, and Cesar. Thank you for such a fun and lovely weekend!!!!!",5
3744, April 2018,"Doubtful I would return again, second stay.","2nd stay this year and likely last. Location is great! However, too many issues. Lost power to my room. I spent 30 minutes calling to get it fixed, nobody picked up the phone. So I had to go to the front desk to report. I was accosted by 3 drug dealers at the entrance of the hotel upon returning from late dinner. Seemed like there was a lot of security all day and evening, but nobody late evening.",3
3745, April 2018,Excelent,"We loved this hotel, the staff was verry nice especialy ZACK ta the réception he was verry kind and attentif of our request , the situation of the hôtel was excelent and everything was near us of i go back TO New York i sure book to this hotel",5
3746, April 2018,Perfect!,"Really genuine and kind staff! A warm welcoming from Zac in the reception. Extremely comfortable beds and a nice view. The rooms are very fresh with Daily cleaning. Perfect location, really nice fresh baked breakfast.",5
3747, April 2018,Best customer service,We had Cristina T assist us with check in and she was very professional and went the extra step to ensure that our stay was comfortable. She had excellent recommendations and even offered a drink coupon since we had a long flight and were in dire need of a drink. Thank you Cristina,5
3748, April 2018,Everyone is so Accomodating!,"Check in with Christine was a breeze. She was super helpful when trying to find my reservation. Very friendly and courteous especially when I checked in super late (around midnight). The next day, Robert was awesome in helping me book a bigger room since we had so many guests. He went above and beyond to make my stay pleasant.",5
3749, April 2018,Expect to wait,Don’t get there before 4 or you’ll wait for your room with no updates and if you do ask expect attitude. If you check your bags in that is complimentary the first thing the staff tells you is for a tip which is fine when they bring the bags but for just checking them in is ridiculous. If you want to be by Time Square it’s not very far from it so food choices and shopping is nice. Plus if your site seeing a lot of the major buildings are within 15 mins of the hotel.,3
3750, April 2018,Business,"The hotel is very central and a 2 min walk to Times Square. It's also clean with food options downstairs. The price is fair for the location. Some of the staff are lazy. Would I stay here again? Perhaps. But, I'd search another place first because of the attitude of the staff.",3
3751, April 2018,Love this hotel!,Great location. Excellent price. Cool bar in lobby. Awesome high-end food court off lobby. Industrial modern decor. Safe after hours (can't go up elevators unless you show key card to guard). Clean and simple mid sized rooms.,5
3752, April 2018,Thanks & see you next time,Nice hotel at the heart beat of Manhattan and the Times Square area. Very professional and pro-active staff (Christina T.). This was our second time in NY at this Hotel. Would recommend it anytime. Thank you!,5
3753, April 2018,Awesome!,We would like to thank Cristina.T for making us feel welcome to the NYC! Please go see her as she is the best especially customer service and putting in effort to making us smile. Clean and responsive.,5
3754, April 2018,Nice hotel near by Time Square,"Hotel is in the heart of NYC but there were no noise. Room was clean. Not so many space for luggage. Very good money for value rate. Very helpful staff, especially Paola. Thanks her a lot for helping us in the middle of the night.",5
3755, April 2018,Excellent experience. Amazing location. Awesome service and staff,The entire experience in this hotel was excellent: from the room and it’s cleanliness to its location and everything else. We got a room upgrade in order to be in a bigger room and the view was amazing. Zac and Paola were so so helpful; actually they were amazing. They made our stay pleasant and enjoyable. If you are visiting for work or vacation this is the hotel to be. I’ll be back to the Row NYC at Times Square next time I’m in the city. Thank you Zac and Paola.,5
3756, April 2018,Disappointed ..,Was very disappointed with room size. Room was very small for Family of four. The carpet was not cleaned. No tea coffee facility in the room. The room looks a big online but nothing like that...........,1
3757, April 2018,small but mighty,"Easy to find, near Port Authority and Penn Station, clean rooms and the lobby looks like a nightclub and was playing some great music. At check-in, Cristina T. welcomed us, was super kind and professional, and made check-in easy!",5
3758, April 2018,Our visit was great,We loved our stay there. Our check in was a little long due to kiosk malfunctions but the front counter was doing the best they can. Zac who checked us in was really kind and thorough. I would love to come back. It was my first time here and not my last 😊,5
3759, April 2018,Loved it,"The hotel is in a great location, you can walk to lots of places - theaters, Time Square, Rockefeller Plaza, tons of restaurants. The room was good size, comfortable bed, clean and we never heard any noise from the hall or adjacent rooms. The staff was very helpful. Oon check-in the woman helping me (I feel so bad that I can't remember her name!!) Upgraded our room because we shared the same birthday month. We would definitely stay again when in the city.",5
3760, April 2018,"Great location, small rooms, mediocre service.","We had problems with the heating/cooling unit in our room. It had soaking wet carpet and a very musty, moldy smell. After staying one night we had to move rooms. Our issues seemed to be pretty commonplace with the staff and didn't illicit a big response or any extra helpfulness. The location is superb and the price was reasonable for NYC",3
3761, April 2018,Very good,Location is very good very close to port authority bus terminal. It is also very close to Times Square and broadway. Rooms are good considering it is NYC. I had a comfortable stay. Really recommended.,4
3762, April 2018,Perfect Location and great staff!!,"We got a room upgrade for our anniversary and even a bottle of champagne!! Junior at the reception gave us a great welcome. We’ll definetelly recommend this hotel for your stay in NYC, and the location is perfect.",5
3763, April 2018,Too busy hotel - must read,"I stayed at the ROW for 7 nights. before booking I read the reviews that mention it was a busy hotel and was wondering what is the big deal with ""busy hotel"". 1. so first of all -try to get an elevator at morning... sometimes it takes up to 10-15 min to get an elevator!!!(im not joking) 2. the hotel lobby is always busy and you have to show the hotel keys to security every time u with the get to the elevators area at night. 3. room isolation is poor.. very poor. you can hear EVERYTHING across the wall... good luck trying to sleep at night when your next door guest is returning and yelling at the hotel stuff 4. you can hear street noise from 8th avenue, so if you are as noise-sensitive, DON'T get the city view rooms 5. rooms - the rooms are not that clean. it just like that.",2
3764, April 2018,"Busy hotel, excellent location","We were welcomed by Cesar and made feel comfortable right away. We had a room on the 28th floor which was basic but clean. The staff was really nice. At times the hotel was so busy that we had to wait a long time for the elevators. Any inconvenience was compensated by the perfect location. Close to the Broadway shows and Times Square, but not expensive. Within walking distance to museums, restaurants and NYC nightlife it’s the perfect choice for a short stay in the city.",4
3765, April 2018,Don’t think to book in,Not as mentioned in the booking website i booked deluxe room but it wasn’t deluxe and was a corner room the room was cold the heater was not working at all just for decoration the outside temperature was 2-3 degrees and i just felt like i am in the Alaska in the room really i was disappointed by the hotel and i didn’t waste my time and tell them anout the problem because they will be an something to get from the problem,1
3766, April 2018,Busy big hotel,"This big hotel is in the heart of big Apple , very convenient, also very busy made u feel dizzy too, you must wait for 4 pm to get into your room even u check in earlier ! I have reserved a superior room but the front desk just gave me a starred room at 26 floor , she said it’s upgrade! However this standard room is small enough to fit myself only, the bathroom shower is tightly hard for you to move around , the room is clean but still a bit of uncomfortable ! Plus the ice machine right in front of my room , horrible noise bothered me all night hard to sleep too! If u are looking for comfort, better stay in the Intercontiental Hotel right cross street , this is a simple practical hotel only !",3
3767, April 2018,Row NYC,Good location to the shows and plays . The food court in the hotel has an excellent lobster roll and also do nuts . The taxis were abundant near the hotel as well as pizza by the slice joints . Friendly front desk help .,3
3768, April 2018,Row hotel New York,"Row Hotel New York good hotel a shame they didn’t have more elevators. Close to all ammenities really enjoyed my time there. Visited 911 memorial sunset boat trip, all enjoyable food was an ok price not to expensive",3
3769, April 2018,Zac at row,Thanks for a great stay and double bed upgrade. We had a relaxing time. Zac was very welcoming. It was the best night in NYC And great food in his restaurant If you visit NYC that will chance to try this hotel,5
3770, April 2018,Cesar treated me like royalty! And upgraded my room,"I flew in from Chicago this morning for Day Surgery. When I initially try to check in, I was told there were no rooms available and I had to wait till 4pm. I decided to speak to the Front Desk Agent Cesar. I told him my situation and how much pain I was in because of the surgery. He got a room for me and my husband right away, upgraded it and got someone to bring my bags because I couldn't lift anything. Now this is what I call customer service. The hotel is clean and trendy. Very boutique like. Great location, Great food and friendly staff. Thank you again Cesar",5
3771, April 2018,Holiday,"Spend 5 days in this lovely hotel Rooms were clean, fresh and beds were comfortable, plenty of room to put your clothes and wardrobe to hang things up in, safe in room which was easy to operate, complementary wifi in rooms, you could use the phone in the room to call back home in England. Large TV in room, with plenty of stations to watch, hairdryer in room to use. Bathroom was small, but you only shower/bath and use the toilet, plenty of hot water all through the day, staff friendly and welcoming. Lifts were speedy, all you had to do was put in the floor number and it told you what lift to get in never waited more than a minute before it came. It was only about a five minute walk to Times Square, with plenty of shops to look at on the way, subway station 2 second walk from",5
3772, April 2018,"Great City, Poor Hotel","Stayed in the Row Hotel for 3 nights from the 7th of April. Location is great and that is about it. 1st night we were given a tiny room with no space for suitcases never mind to swing a cat. Was informed after a lengthy chat we would be moved to a better room for rest of stay the next day. Next Day: Another lengthy check-in, another queue to get to room (massive school party, checking in at same time), another 20 minute wait for lift. Lifts are a joke and system in operation is not working!! Arrive at room opposite ice-machine and again tiny: they have the cheek to say double bed. This room was even smaller as it was now a shower only and not a three quarter bath with shower over. Back down stairs, same lengthy wait for: lifts, speak to staff, just what you want on a 3 night",1
3773, April 2018,Probably not coming back,"I was given a different room category feom what I’ve booked, my view was only partial, my room was not cleaned three times in a week, hairdryer was ot working and the hotel lost one of my orders. Also, they charged me $149 to receive orders.",2
3774, April 2018,Zac is the best!,"Zac in the front desk made it a nice stay, great customer service, friendly and funny!! Made our stay in New York enjoyable from the first minute! He gave us recommendations on deals around and within the hotel!",5
3775, April 2018,ROW-TASTIC!,"A very nice hotel located at the center of New York! Amazing service, love the lobby! The staffs are really nice and helpful! Especially Cesar! He was very helpful in helping us checking in and welcome us warmly! Will be back for sure!",5
3776, April 2018,Poor,"I did not like the roon,to small, uncomfortable, no little refrigerators in the roon,the closet to small sorry but y no recommended this hotel to my friends, family and other peaple the only thing good is the place where the hotel is",2
3777, April 2018,Great mid-town hotel - NYC,Great hotel location for travelers want the full Broadway experience. Friendly hotel staff and additional staff to help with the people and groups moving IN and OUT. Near a variety of great meal locations.,5
3778, April 2018,Good location,"This hotel is in a great location and had price was good. Unfortunately no value. Super busy hotel and long waits for elevators. There is a lack customer service as the employees seem annoyed and overwhelmed and not willing to help out - when my key did not work on 2 occasions, I was told to go down and get my keys from the front desk - I was on the 20th floor and the elevators were always busy and it took them 4 minutes and 45 seconds to even pick up the phone at the front desk when I called. Rooms were dirty and severely run down as was the hotel...in need of major facelift.",3
3779, March 2018,Fun Hotel,"Great hotel ~ fun décor ~ lots of dining choices ~ large lobby area ~ easier to maneuver ~ super great location ~ we could walk to everything! It's a block from Times Square, many restaurants all over.",5
3780, April 2018,The Row NYC Hotel,"excellent location, security, great choice of food, clean, pleasant staff. Would stay here again. The only miss leading thing was the pamphlet for the kitchen said they are open late and they were not especially on a Friday and Saturday night.",4
3781, April 2018,Ideal location,"Round the corner from Times Square. 2 Great places to eat at the hotel. Free WiFi, free printing - ideal for tickets and boarding passes. Suitable but basic rooms. Only down side - no towels in room when we arrived needed to ask twice for them. Then changed everyday.",5
3782, April 2018,can't be ROW NYC,"You seriously can't beat the location and amazingness of this hotel. We stopped in only for a night but didn't want to leave! After traveling from Orlando by plane and riding the LIRR into Penn Station the ROW is only a few blocks north. Checked in quickly with Paola and Zac two great people who give a great first impression! (thanks so much you two). Got to our room which was spacious and had a great view overlooking 8th ave the river which we saw cruise ships in the morning. Made us sad to only be there one night but it was a short stay to catch a matinee on broadway. Will I stay here again?? As Big from SATC ""Ab-sofu*king-lutely"".",5
3783, April 2018,Amazing Hotel and Friendly Staff!,Stayed here for two nights and loved everything about it. Times Square is literally maybe 2-3 blocks away and safe enough to go out at night for a walk around Times Square. Very convenient location and surrounded by many places to eat along with a lot of other great places to visit! Would 100% recommend staying at this amazing Hotel! :),4
3784, April 2018,This was one of my first trips to NYC,This was one of my first trips to NYC and I found the hotel easily. I enjoyed staying there. The location was great. The room was clean and welcoming. Checking in and out was easy. The breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel was good also.,5
3785, April 2018,We loved our stay at Row NYC,We came into town on Friday evening for a 2 night stay. Paola checked us in & graciously upgraded our rooms to double beds & a deluxe city view - without us even asking. You do not find this level of service at all hotels & it was greatly appreciated ! Rooms were clean & comfy. I personally was impressed with the promptness of the elevators every time we went to use them. No waiting ! The hotel’s location was extremely convenient & this made our stay in the city even more pleasant. Highly recommend & hope to visit this hotel again.,5
3786, April 2018,nyc welcome!,"Thank you very much to Robert, Latonya and Fernanda for a great welcome to NYC - just what our family needed after a day of travel. The view from our room is brilliant and it’s a relief we are so close to everything with the kids",5
3787, April 2018,Great experience,The hotel was located in the perfect spot right by time square. The room were incredible and the beds were so comfy :) the staff were great more than accomidating and the food in the resraurant was great with good prices as well as the italian restaurant bond also located in the restaurant :),5
3788, April 2018,Theater Weekend,Came in by bus for a theater weekend. Hotel is close to Port Authority and within walking distance to the theaters. Didn't have to use a cab all weekend. Delicious breakfast included in our package. Love that the City Kitchen (many different food booths) is part of the hotel lobby.,5
3789, April 2018,Pleasant Stay,"Hotel location excellent convenient to Times Square and broadway, food good, bedrooms clean and change of towels daily . Overall staff very helpful . However the Bar was disappointing and unfriendly and therefore only went once for short period .",4
3790, March 2018,Good and bad - a deteriorating hotel,"My previous visit two years ago was excellent. This time, it was a very mixed experience. The first room they put me in had major damp in the walls (see pictures). When I drew this to the attention of the front desk, at first they didn't seem too concerned; then I showed them the pictures I'd taken for this review. That wasn't the only problem with the room; the window would only stay open if propped (someone had left an empty shampoo bottle holding the window open). There were other empty containers in the bathroom, and the wall behind the TV was badly damaged. On the good side, the hotel management tried hard to put things right, putting me in an upgraded room for the 2nd to 5th nights of my stay, and comping the first night. I definitely give them marks for that. However,",2
3791, April 2018,Great location and staff,"When I arrived, Robert was very patient and helpful. He was very nice. Next morning, Juan Perez was great at the bar, he was so friendly and fun. The hotel is great, I had a small inconvenient with our bathroom because it wasn't very clean but Mr. Xavier acted very professionally and he invited us to a breakfast. These 3 guys, as well as the rest of the staff, were awesome.",4
3792, April 2018,Good location and great staff!!,We stay at this hotel about 2 nights and had a great time. Room was clean and tidy with nice view on 18th floor. Not only the hotel location is very good but staff also helpful and polite. I’ll be back again for sure!!,5
3793, April 2018,Row Review,"Nice hotel with the usual lazy and miserable staff. It's right in the middle of Times Square, Broadway and Hell's Kitchen restaurants. If you're willing to put up with the usual petty, miserable NYC staff with chips on their shoulders, go for it.",3
3794, April 2018,Great reception team,Robert was so friendly and helpful. He efficiently got us checked in and to our room. One of our guests has crutches due to a slipped disk in her back and he was so accommodating with her. Thanks Robert!,5
3795, February 2018,Great location- look out for taxes,My boyfriend and I stayed in February - we got a good deal on the hotel and flights - or so we thought. On check-in we were informed of resort taxes - when we enquired what they were for we were told the gym and Wi-Fi. We needed neither but were told we had to pay - adding another $150 to our stay before we'd done anything. the room was functional and served our needs. Breakfast was included but due to till issues was quite chaotic some mornings - and they tried to charge us for at least one breakfast. Staff were fine but we didn't interact that much with them. A good base but just be aware of the taxes so they are not a nasty surprise,3
3796, April 2018,city break,"the best thing is the location - very close to Times Square, lots of restaurants and takeways at 8th street and close to the subway. Very busy hotel and loud, but good if you only use the hotel for sleep anyway.",4
3797, April 2018,Fantastic Unexpected NYC Find,"I remember this as the Milford Plaza and had no idea it had been made over. It was a steal of a price. Excellent location. Exceptionally friendly and helpful staff in a non intrusive way. The room was clean and while not a big huge update, enough to make it fantastic.",4
3798, April 2018,Mini moon to NYC,"Fabulous location. Basic rooms provide a good base for exploring NYC. Many nice bars straight across the road from the hotel. We would recommend a meal at the View which is just round the corner, and a trip to Chelsea piers for a Hudson cruise.",3
3799, April 2018,"Perfect location, lovely staff!","For first time visitors in NYC this is the perfect hotel to stay at. Great location- nearby major city attractions. Only booked for the weekend and decided to book the rest of the week and Paola was very helpful and gave great service any time we had any questions. Thank you again, Paola, for all your help!",5
3800, April 2018,Lovely hotel and staff,"Arrived early hours of the morning and the check in staff Cristina t and paola were so helpful in sorting our rooms out, this really helped after flying from LA and being very tired - the hotel is on a great location and found it great to explore New York",5
3801, April 2018,"Fantastic location, but not the cleanest rooms","I stayed here to catch couple of shows, and the location could not have been better. Loved the vibe and decor as well. But the room was dirty -shower, tub, sink full of dark hairs (there's no way a cleaner would have missed these) and overall surfaces in the room were dusty (so not a recent lapse of housekeeping). I checked in late and once I saw the status of the bathroom I went down and asked for a new room. Couldn't get one as the hotel was fully booked. Asked housekeeping to fix, got couple drink tickets and he said to remove the facility fee (~$30/night). Drinks were fine, but facility fee wasn't removed and the housekeepers idea of 'cleaning' was to pour bleach to the tub for the smell....didn't actually clean the hairs (disgusting).",3
3802, March 2018,Good stay,"Pros: modern hotel. Clean. Variety of dining options. Live music every night. Cons: Note: Staying in swanky NYC and paying this price, I had high expectations. Ran out of hot water in shower every day! Called to confirm microwave in room, upset to see there was not one upon arriving. Paid all expenses before arriving and was then charged a $68 fee upon arriving- was never told about this? Staff could be more helpful.",3
3803, August 2017,The best hotel I have encountered,"The ROW is amazing! Obviously location, but the price as well. It's a beautiful and clean hotel. Connections to public transportation right accross the street. The 1$ breakfast service is recommended, as breakfast in the immediate area can be somewhat expensive and not best quality.",5
3804, April 2018,"Celebrating my birthday,it's our first time here to nyc,got recommended by friends and family to booked at row nyc,","Got recommended by friends and family to stay at row nyc,Robert the hotel associate greeted us with a smile and made us feel very welcome the first minute we step in to check in. He made sure we feel very welcome. Hotel staffs are awesome kept our room clean everyday and even surprised me with a birthday card and fruit platter. This trip is awesome cause we picked the right hotel. Highly recommended. The bathroom in room and lobby is very clean and that's a plus.and very convenient location to everything.we even book our tour to washington dc through them.thank you Robert and hotel staffs for making this trip very memorable.will totally booked again for our next trip.",5
3805, April 2018,Perfection,"Everything was perfect. Tyler Dubs was great and very accomodating with my requests. The room was clean, comfortable and had a spectacular view. Check in was a breeze, service at breakfast was exceptional - what more could you ask for. Thank you, Tyler!",5
3806, April 2018,Stay Elsewhere,"Rooms extremely dated; furniture in poor condition. Rooms very dirty; bathroom had stained towels, stained pillow cases, torn sheets. Customer service is nonexistent here. Couldn’t reach a single staff member at hotel at 5 am because of party next to our room. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. There are so many other hotels in the area that are better quality. On a side note, beds were extremely comfortable.",1
3807, April 2018,Outstanding service!,"I had positive interactions with every staff member there. Paolo really stood out at the front desk in the way she anticipated needs& problem solved with my check in & that of my errant son.Very professional and helpful from the front desk to the housekeeping staff. only drawback the decor & the concierge who stared into his phone all the time but otherwise, my weekend stay went off w/o a hitch. Thanks",5
3808, April 2018,Nice hotel in great location with friendly staff,"We were spending the weekend in the city to see two Broadway shows and ended up arriving four hours later than expected due to flight delays, being rerouted to a different airport, etc. Once we finally arrived at the hotel, we were greeted at check-in by Paola. The check-in process was very quick and easy. To make it even better, after our long day of schedule changes and flight delays, Paola kindly upgraded our rooms at no additional charge (without us even asking!). Rooms were clean and exceeded our expectations. We were very pleased with our first stay at this hotel and would stay here again when visiting NYC.",5
3809, March 2018,A Solid Choice,"After running into some trouble with an airbnb (which I will NEVER use again) I called into Row NYC to book a last minute room and they were more than accommodating. My boyfriend and I were in town for a broadway show. I've stayed with Row before and they are very consistent. Clean rooms, comfy beds, and a great location - just a block or so back from time square but noise isn't all that bad. My only complaint is value - the rooms are VERY small for the price you are paying, but that's NYC and you're most likely just using it for a crashpad anyways. Also the elevator system is totally annoying, but it's whatever. Row is my choice hotel in NYC.",4
3810, April 2018,Great Hotel,"The hotel is great, accessible , and perfect rooms. The staff is also friendly, The receptionist Paola helped us with the check-in and gave us recommendations of where to go in NYC. I would recommend any one who is thinking of booking in this hotel to go ahead. By far the best.",5
3811, April 2018,Perfect location,Perfect location inside times square. Right across the street from iron bar who serves hookah at night and plays R&B music. This hotel is a bit snug but hey its NYC also be prepared to wait for elevator. i would definitely stay here again.,5
3812, April 2018,Very Beautiful view and reception,"I really loved my room, very quiet and with an amazing view. Also I liked the reception, Zac was very polite and friendly. He gave me good recommendations and give me a first great impression of the Hotel. It is very very well located.",5
3813, April 2018,The perfect place to stay!,"We stayed for 3 nights at Row and loved this hotel! First off the location was absolutely perfect - so close to everything we wanted to do and see. Check in was a breeze, room was clean with a very comfortable bed. Breakfast was included in the deal we purchased and was great to start the day. I have zero complaints about this hotel, highly recommend it and will stay there again.",5
3814, April 2018,Great location! Will stay again!,Staff was very helpful and polite. Loved the room we were given; the view was amazing. It’s a busy hotel but quiet from our room. Love the food court and sweet shop attached to the hotel. Thank you for the complimentary fruit tray!!!,4
3815, April 2018,The Row; should be the Skid Row,"First impression, not enough people working the front desk, it was at least a 10 to 15 minute wait at all times of the day, they don't answer phone, after redailing the front desk 5 to 10 times I was told they are to busy to talk to ""guests"" The evelators are in adequit at all times of the day and night. The toilet is installed in a way that the space between the fron endge and the some bump out in the wall is not enough space for an average height man to sit on the toilet. side saddle is the only option but not too far because your other leg will hit the sink. Finally, the most outrageous behavior was the charge of 80 dollars to have a box delivered to my hotel room. I have stayed in hotels all over the world this is the first time I have have been charged for a delivery.",1
3816, April 2018,ROW NYC a nightmare,We booked rooms with a city view and all we got was view of rooftop of the adjacent buildings.it was overpriced and the hallway were smelling awful. We booked 2 rooms and couldn’t wait to head out next Morning.,1
3817, April 2018,Stellar value for the price point,"I've stayed at Row NYC several times. It's my go-to hotel whenever I'm in New York. You won't find a better price point in Times Square and the location makes it easy to get anywhere you need/want to be in the city with ease. The customer service is also exceptional. Zac at the front desk recognizes me and always makes me feel welcome as a ""regular."" But everyone on staff are wonderful and friendly. We'll return again and again.",5
3818, April 2018,Great service from Paulo,"We arrived late on Saturday evening, exhausted after a long flight and severe traffic coming into the city. Our check in was effortless and was assisted by the very friendly Paulo...she went out of her way to make us feel welcome, something I have not experienced at a city hotel before, and the fact that she upgarded our room and arranged a late checkout put the icing on the cake. Excellent service and well equipped hotel.",5
3819, March 2018,Great location,"The location is great, close to everything. Very friendly and helpful staff once you were at the front desk, but there was slow service due to long lines. We arrived in the middle of the night and when we got up to our room it wasn't cleaned. We got another room, but the cleanliness of this one was poor.",2
3820, March 2018,Excellent location,"Fantastic location close to all lines of the subway and walking distance to a lot of events and sightseeing and shopping areas. The hotel itself is very crowded, a lot of waiting for elevators and in the reception. Friendly staff once you got hold of one. The beds were fine, but the overall cleanliness was poor.",2
3821, April 2018,Convienent location,"Location was very accessible. Upon arrival, it was a very slow checkin. We tried to do the kiosk check in as I was told over email and it would not work, the employee we asked to help us was not helpful at all and was quite rude.",3
3822, April 2018,"Need more welcoming staff, cleaner rooms, and no hidden fees.","Check-in is was ok, but staff didn't smile and seemed put off with questions. When we went to the concierge desk upon arrival, it was closed, although in the evening the male staff was the best staff in the hotel, with a smile and willing to help us. The room had a nice feel and decor, but it was dusty!! The heater was on all times (broken), and when we turned the air on, it was noisy and it shot dust chunks/debris all over the floor. Location was great and we chose it for it and the competitive pricing. But the reason I would not recommend it is that we thought we were getting a good deal, but then was charged over $100 in 'fees', after pre-paying the rooms monthly in advance.",3
3823, April 2018,Love this place,I’ve stayed here for 10 years when I come to NYC even before it was the Row. It’s perfectly situated for the subway and EVERYTHING! If you get on their email list you get great discounts. Zac at the front desk is always at the ready with a welcoming smile and details on the latest and greatest in the area!,4
3824, April 2018,Birthday weekend trip,"Nice hotel, great location, very busy atmosphere, blocks away from Times Square, delicious foods on 1st floor, staff very friendly and cute👀, only complaint was valet parking....$70 & 45 mins to bring me my car😠",4
3825, March 2018,"Great location, but expensive resort fee","PROS: Location - Hotel was in a great location, walking distance to Times Square & loads of other sights, shops, bars and restaurants. Rooms - Very small but it's NYC, you're not there to sit in your room! Bed was comfy. Don't expect a view though. We directly faced a brick wall. CONS: Water - The water rain brown for half a day. We had to ring to staff to ask what to do. There should've been a sign up or staff should have offered bottled water to drink. Resort fee - Pretty expensive at $30 per day considering it only really gave you wi-fi. Breakfast - Again, expensive at $8 per day. Was only one small pastry, piece of fruit & drink.",4
3826, April 2018,Time square,"Great location for time square but other than that I don’t recommend, they need a new cleaning staff, I don’t mind giving credit when credit is due, the room was dusty the bed was terrible the bath tub had ring around it, I left my cleaning supplies so they would get the hint to clean up",2
3827, April 2018,Good and bad but mainly bad,"Good points location,Bath and sink clean and our room are back ofhotel and quiet and bar in hotel. Bad points rooms cold despite heating but max is 26.5, quilts paper thin so having to wear jumper to bed. Rooms small, very tired furniture almost falling apart. Rooms very clinical looking Bath drain slowly in emptying which is strange as we are high up. Lobby of hotel very busy. Hot water Luke warm Receptionist did not make me feel welcoming. Did not get her name. To be told that I can’t have my room until my credit card clears did not go down well. What has pushed me to write this review is the door of the bathroom slides so cleaners would not see this unless they close door over - the door on inside is dirty even blood on the door. Remote to tv needs a clean and I dare",2
3828, April 2018,Row great so far,"Fantastic so far after having a not so good day Zac on duty was fantastic and extremely helpful, our room was upgraded at no extra cost. I would recommend this hotel I’m traveling with my 14 year old son.",5
3829, April 2018,Perfect Location!,"Aside from the location being perfect, Cristina T in the front desk was friendly and pleasing. Will definitely recommend this hotel to friends... The lively music in the lobby just made us smile , after a long and trip from Washington DC..",5
3830, April 2018,Great vibe and service,The row is a great place to say. As soon as we walked in we thought the vibe was cool and were impressed from the start. When we checked in a super nice guy named Cesar helped us out and even upgraded our room for free. Highly recommended!,5
3831, April 2018,Cesar is the man,Cesar at the front desk showed us a great welcoming to the hotel and hooked us up with everything. Great man. Thanks Cesar. Our room was nice. It had a decent view of 8th. Would recommend anyone to stop in and enjoy the atmosphere along with the friendly people,5
3832, April 2018,King Row,"I give thanks to Cesar, he checked me in as quickly as he could after standing in a rather long line for about 10 minutes. The room is absolutely nice and modern, which I love. The mattress is amazing, I know I’m going to sleep good for the next two days. Thanks Derek",5
3833, April 2018,EXECELLENT STAY! WILL BE BACK!,"i had an excellent stay here at the row nyc. my concierge cesar was a professional and beyond catered to my every need, perfect location and perfect setting. time square is 2 blocks away. nice guests and ambiance. WILL BE BACK! A+!",5
3834, April 2018,Awesome check in with Junior!,What a pleasure to check in with such a vibrant personality! (Junior). He made it worth the trip after having sat in traffic for two hours! The room was clean and perfect for our stay. Will definitely consider staying here again!,5
3835, March 2018,GOOD AND BAD,"First, i will praise the recepcionist called Junior, that is the best i ever have met, cause he gaves to us tottally attention, was very lovely and deserv all the respect. Me and my husband will return to the Row NYC Hotel because of him. Including make our chek-in and the ckeck-out, and we paid the total and even the late check-out. Occurs that, when we arrived in Brazil, I received a message that let me very worried, a message from the credit card informing a purchase in the amount of R$ 231,17, after we have paid and maked the chek-out.",5
3836, April 2018,Great stay at Row,"check in on 04/05 at check in I we was help by Cristina T, great customer service. Rooms very small but clean. Best of the hotel Cristina T at the front desk. Very helpful and nice. And the fact she speak Spanish is great made our stay perfect.",5
3837, April 2018,"Great location, awesome service!","Very central location...close to great shopping, shows, Times Square, and lots of restaurants. Very warm welcome at check in from Ceasar. He went out of his way to help us. Super clean, modern rooms with updated bathroom. We will definitely look to stay here again!",5
3838, March 2018,Theatre trip.,"This was an absolutely perfect location for a theatre trip! I had stayed at the property for a business trip previously, and I changed my family trip plans in order to stay at The Row again because of the location, the quality of the hotel, and the yummy food options.",4
3839, April 2018,NYC 04 17,"Quality stay in a fantastic location hotel. Special mention to our now Good Friend Junior who made our stay exceptional, when we come back it will be to this hotel and mainly because of Junior. ROW NYC make sure you promote or do what you can to keep Junior he is an asset to your Hotel.",5
3840, April 2018,Great hotel in a perfect spot,"NYC Row is around the corner from Times Square, within walking distance to a show, close to a subway stop and the hop-on-hop-off tours, and plenty of food choices everywhere! The staff is helpful and so friendly. District M - think food court, but high-end - is great. Conveniently located in the hotel. And my daughters loved The Sugar Factory. I suggest getting a milkshake! We had a room with two beds and a view of 8th ave. This is our 2nd stay. If we go back, I want to stay there again!",5
3841, April 2018,Would stay again!,"Our hotel associate, Cesar, was very helpful and attentive upon checkin! He's a great asset to the hotel! We came for my daughters 17th birthday and got a room with a BEAUTIFUL city view! We were also told by Cesar that my daughter might recurve a little something for her birthday! I would recommend this hotel to everyone!",5
3842, April 2018,Nice Hotel,"Very well located near Times Square and the Broadway Theater area. 15 to 20 min walk to everywhere in Manhattan. The service was very nice, specially Junior who solved all our problems with a smile on his face. We'll be back.",4
3843, March 2018,Great location,"On arrival at check-in, Cesar was very quick to get me settled. The location is close to the Theatre district, restaurants, and the Port Authority with buses and trains which suited me perfectly. Shopping is nearby in all directions!",4
3844, November 2017,Disappointing,"Stayed here for 3 nights. On arrival we queued over 40 minutes to check in. Rooms weren't ready so we queued again to leave luggage with concierge. Later queued to recover luggage and queued again to get our rooms. Queued for the lift only to find room I had been given was still occupied. Queued for lift again, got room changed and queued for lift again. Over three days we must have spend at least a full half day in queues. Room was adequate, clean and more spacious than I would expect in New York but air conditioning was incredibly noisy. Corridors and reception area very dimly lit and unwelcoming. We chose not to eat in the hotel. Would only stay again if desperate.",2
3845, January 2018,*AVOID* - PLEASE READ!!,"The location of this hotel is about the only good thing. When we arrived and checked in we headed to our room, after having a nosey around the VERY cramped room I discovered a USED condom in the bedside table…following this discovery I headed down to reception and complained. I spoke to the manager who apologised and deducted some city tax. We were moved to another room. Once we arrived at the new room we left our stuff and headed out. The rooms are small and clean to an extent. There is a hair dryer provided however I found that my UK straighteners didn’t work. On our first night we were very tired however the room next door insisted on playing rap music VERY loud and smoking weed – it took me to complain 3 times before this was resolved. Six nights later we checked",1
3846, April 2018,Good value and Great Service,"I recently stayed at the Row for 6 nights (with a break in between) and found the hotel to be very good value -- even though the room is very basic and small. The first 3 nights I had a larger room, however when I returned for the remaining 3 nights they gave me a very small room, as I was on my own it was sufficient but would have been a squeeze if there were two guests. Though simple, the room was clean and had all the amenities needed. It is in an excellent location - in walking distance to almost anywhere in the center. Even though the hotel is extremely busy, I found check-in to be efficient, and would like to thank Zac at reception for welcoming me and offering professional and informative service at all times. I would definitely consider returning to this hotel if",3
3847, March 2018,Great Assistance!,"If you need sales assistance, look for Mrs. ELIANE MATAMOROS. She is the best accounting/sales support. It was the best experience I've ever had with a hotel support. I recomend NYC ROW Hotel. She answer quickly and correclty. Thanks Eliane.",5
3848, March 2018,"Noisy and dirty, no free wi-fi (you'll pay for it) although good attention","Rooms were all so noisy, because of the air condition system at the upper floors, or the traffic noise at the lowest ones. We try three different, kindly offered by the employees at the reception desk (that was the best part of the hotel). The rooms are also dirty, the worst of it was the bathroom where I had to clean by myself hair from other hostages from the bathtub courtain. There's another disgusting point on the service fee. You will have to pay 32$ per night according to these service fee, but you won't get informed that this includes discounts at the breakfast stores inside the hotel and at some stores of souvenirs on the outside. They'll tell you that includes free calls (international also) filtered water (you'll have tap water in the room) and... wi-fi! (so it's not",2
3849, April 2018,Cool NYC Break,"Great location, great value for money and great facilities. Especially the City Kitchen with the various styles of food available. The bar staff in District M, in particular Jarret and Zack. Top guys - thank you!",5
3850, March 2018,Perfect hotel!,Lovely central clean and modern hotel with helpful staff! Highly recommend it!junior’who checked me in on arrival was very helpful! Ive stayed here 3 times with no issues anytine jgs the perfect hotel for value location and quality!,5
3851, March 2018,Its okay.,Price is valuable.room according two bed need more space.room dont have any relax or nice pics.usuallg every Hotel does.Bathroom comod was very low.specially little weight people is very difficult.Even normal people will feel ocouard.,3
3852, March 2018,Great location and the price is worth it,I would stay here again as you are in the center of everything!!! Walking distance to anything you need and great views from our room! (2609). We had a corner room that had multiple windows so we were able to look at different areas.,5
3853, March 2018,Unnecessary disturbance.,"When checking out we discussed with receptionist Fernanda what had happened last night. She tried to call the time manager or manager but she did not show up, gave an explanation that she was in a meeting, and it would be long, but they were going to pass on our ordeal to management.",1
3854, March 2018,Safe hotel. Worth the stay.,"This was our first time staying at Row NYC and at first we were hesitant because we could not reach the hotel by telephone to let them know of our late arrival. We were on the phone for 30 minutes listening to ""club"" music. No one ever picked up the phone. We used Facebook and Twitter to reach the hotel. No luck. We ended up calling the reservation center and they called the hotel for us. When we got to the hotel, the front desk person was not very pleasant. She seemed annoyed to be at work and was not friendly at all, which was disappointing. The room was very small but the temperature was very comfortable. Our room faced 8th Avenue and it was incredibly noisy with the sirens blaring on the first night. So if you don't like noise, this is not the hotel for you. The",4
3855, March 2018,Will stay again!,"We enjoyed our time at The Row, and we will definitely stay again. It is so close to everything - food, shops, subway, and shows. The atmosphere of the hotel and surrounding area helped us to enjoy our extended weekend.",5
3856, April 2018,Decent hotel but not sure it’s worth it’s price,Decent hotel but rooms are very tight and when you add in the high daily resort fee you can likely get better at this price...especially when you’re only getting 1 ply (or cheap) toilet paper and you’re stunning your toe moving around the tiny bathroom. Clean and comfortable but shop around first.,3
3857, April 2018,Dirty Room,"The room was dirty, it smelled bad and there were hairs all over the place. The shower was dirty and had stains. The hotel is super crowed and there is no security. They charge you for “resort fees” yet they dont provide what they’re supposed to.",1
3858, April 2018,What a great find,"In the course of my business career staying at nationally branded hotels was common for me. Since my retirement I have been able to stay at less well known hotels. This led me, based on a friend's recommendation, to the Row NYC. Fro. The moment we arrived it was clear that this hotel would be at the top of our list of ""customer service oriented"" hotels. Our first and defining interaction with the hotel staf was with Zac at the front desk. Zac made sure that we were comfortable while we waited for our room to be readied. The he sought us out when the he room was ready and completed our check in. While Zac had set the service bar high, every other staff member met that same level of service. Now about the property itself. For our taste the ROW is ideally situated in the",5
3859, April 2018,Bar staff district M,"The bar staff, brendan and jarrett are so much fun to chat with. Very knowledgeable with things to do in the area. Extremely helpful and make the best drinks! I enjoyed my stay at row NYC and would highly reccommend",5
3860, March 2018,Nice hotel in the heart of Manhattan,I liked it.The guys at front desk were nice and helpful the rooms were clean not noisy at all the bed and pillows were perfect for me. They changed the bed linen every day. We had a deluxe and a premium room. The premium room was bigger it was a corner room with city view. The size of deluxe room was just ok I can imagine lthat the standard rooms mite be too small for two people. I would recommend to put in the rooms like Premium and deluxe a mini bar or coffee maker or a bottle of water for the exhausted guests /however the tap water was pretty good too/. It's not a big deal but it makes you feel better. The breakfast served in the bar is rather poorer and expensive I would recommend to go one floor up and there are 5 restaurants and the two of them serve breakfast too that's,4
3861, March 2018,Great Hotel,The hotel is located in a convenient part of the city with several attractions in walking distance. The lobby was a great place to sit and enjoy a coffee or a drink. There was also a great place to enjoy a meal without leaving the hotel.,4
3862, February 2018,What a hotel,"Staff were brilliant , food in the hotel was expensive but really good. Bar staff were ace and full of information. This hotel is in the best location for exploring. Room was spot on with a great city. Clean and tidied everyday . We would definitely stay again and recommend it highly.",5
3863, March 2018,Cost quality not worth,"First room was far from second room and it was very tiny, with no space for a bag. Often lifts took too much time and they were very crowed. Once had to go down from10 floor to 1st floor through the stairs, poor breakfast with limited options. Room service poor - one day shower towels missed.",2
3864, March 2018,Terri,"We enjoyed our stay at ROW. Great location near to Times Square. The room was basic, clean and comfortable. Would stay again. We had a great view of 8th Avenue from the 128th floor. Did not use the facilities so cannot comment too busy sightseeing.",3
3865, March 2018,Fun and convenient.,"Overall, it was a good time. Came into the city for the night for a concert. Very friendly and informative staff. Clean room and bathroom. The only weird thing was the tub in the shower. A Bathfitters-Gone-Wrong kind of situation.",4
3866, April 2018,Great hotel,"Our stay was great, the room was just the right size. The location of the hotel was perfect, it has a subway station nearby, time square at just 10 minutes (walking distance), the staff of the hotel so nice",5
3867, September 2017,"Lovely Hotel, Staff let it down","Got to the hotel after travelling all the way from Manchester all through the night, went to check in and there was already a queue of roughly 55-60ish guests trying to check in with only two receptionists on the desk... we were waiting to check in for about 2 hours. Once we finally got to the desk the man who checked us in seemed very rude and impolite as if we weren't valued customers. Once we got up to our room we then discovered we couldn't get in as the key didn't work, we then went back downstairs to the concierge desk to get it re programmed to then be told that we would have to wait as nobody could see to us... all we wanted was for them to re-programme it which would have took literally 10 seconds (I know because I was a hotel receptionist for 3 years). After waiting",4
3868, March 2018,an indecent hotel deal,It was conveniently located at Times Square. But if you don’t need to be in the very center it is unnecessarily noisy and crowded. I wish i had picked a mid town hotel. It was extremely crowded. The receptionists and particularly the bartenders were extremely uncooperative and rude. The room i booked was sold out and as a consolation i was given a superior room but it was a simple room. The bartenders humiliated me twice for asking for information. The room service woke me up in the mornings to ask whether i need towels. One needs a different kind of literacy to survive in that hotel. There were only six elevators for almost hundreds of people for every ride and thus the access to the rooms was extremely difficult. One has to learn to use the elevators because they don’t,2
3869, March 2018,Excellent stay.,"Great location for theater, dining and sightseeing. Excellent and very helpful staff. City Kitchen was ideal for dining with a great variety. Best hamburger I've had anywhere. Valet parking package was definitely worth it.",5
3870, September 2017,Deceiving Lobby,"What a dump! The lobby deceives you into believing your room with be decent, even nice, don’t fall for it. These rooms are filthy! The paint is chipping off the walls and base boards, the bathroom is just gross. There is NO excuse for filth.",1
3871, March 2018,Nice Hotel,"Great front desk folks - Junior was super helpful and accommodating! Lobby is fun and hip. Small rooms, but perfectly acceptable. Right in the heart of the Theatre District - so it's crowded, but....NYC. I'd stay here again.",4
3872, March 2018,Cesar is wonderful,Cesar is the best. He gave us an upgraded room. The room had an amazing view. I’m here for one night and it was a great experience. It is in the most perfect area in Times Square. Highly recommend this hotel.,5
3873, March 2018,Great overall experience!,"Coming in from a long day of competing and traveling, when we drove up to the Row NYC, the valet was so nice and very quick to help us with our car. Additionally, the line to check-in was very short. Our new friend at the front desk Zac was very kind and genuinely interested in our reason for traveling and learning more about our weekend plans. He also upgraded us to a suite, which was very kind, and we didn't even have to ask! Then, when we got to the room, it was very clean, and overall the hotel is easy to navigate, and there are a fair number of elevators, so it didn't take too long to get to our room.",5
3874, March 2018,Great hotel,"Location was excellent and safe. Staff were friendly and kind. Convenient breakfast food downstairs (good coffee, bagels, donuts etc). Room was small, but on par for NYC. Would definitely stay there again (if the price fits).",4
3875, March 2018,Row NYC is our hotel of choice in NYC!,"We have stayed at the Row many times. Steps away are Broadway theatres and amazing restaurants! The hotel is unique, comfortable, & clean. Other hotels are double the price or higher! When my husband was out of the country, my teenage daughter and I were at the Row last summer for a 4 day trip when a hurricane hit our own city. We could not get home for 10 days. The staff at Row NYC went out of their way to accomodate us and make us feel safe and cared for. They turned a very stressful time into a great 2 week vacation! Now THAT is service!",5
3876, March 2018,Front Desk and Property,"How often do you leave a front desk and come away feeling this hotel should be great experience? At The Row with Cathy and Cesar at check in and check out you have a great team that answers questions with focused attention, gets you in and out quickly and let's you know you are welcome. The room choices, rates and offers are very attractive. Large lobby ""population"" doesn't affect access to room, good restaurant or to subway.",5
3877, March 2018,Great visit,Enjoyed our stay on the hotel. Junior was wonderful. Professional and Courteous. Great location to all major areas in Manhattan. Walking distance to Time Square. Friendly staff. Would stay at hotel next time we visit NY.,5
3878, March 2018,Poor experience,"After having stayed at another hotel in Times Square the previous few nights we transferred to ROW NYC for the last night of the trip. Terrible experience from check in, where it took over 45 minutes to check in on an admittedly busy day, to the offer to send bags up from luggage check where we had previously left them. From 1:30 to 4 :30 the bags never arrived. Finally went down and had to get them myself. Karina offered a partial refund which I never received despite phone call to her later in week. Thermostat nonfunctional, room hot. Lukewarm shower.",1
3879, March 2018,"Great location, clean but not for families","Great location to see all main attractions and close to metro. Rooms too small for families - you cant open suitcase! Showers slow and not great either. I stayed at the hotel before with just my partner and it was fine. Junior was particular helpful to us as we had to move rooms twice - he found a resolution when others couldnt. Facilities nice, modern and clean. Located right in centre of things and although so noisy outside you cannot hear alot from room.",3
3880, March 2018,Can't wait to stay here again!,Everything about my trip was remarkable! I would for sure stay again and hopefully longer next time. There is so much to do in the hotel alone. Everything looks beautiful and chic! The staff was extremely helpful and kind!!,5
3881, March 2018,Cesar was Amazing,"At 1st sight we are frightened: lobby so crowded, our room was too narrow, but it’s been recently renovated: very clean, bedlinen, a safe box, an iron , and hair dryer! Elevators are completely computerized! And Cesar was extremely efficient, patient , and cleared all doubts we had! We strongly recommend this hotel! Orlando e Marina São Paulo, Brazil",5
3882, March 2018,Meets needs,"The hotel met my needs, but it didn’t exceed them. It was cramped (to be expected in NY). It mostly just seemed old and not very clean. It wasn’t disgusting , but there were a few hairs in the bathroom, soap scum in the sink, and the windows sills had not been dusted in ages.",3
3883, March 2018,canada,"Cesar was great at the front desk , got us in very quick and was very respectful. definitely staying here again. the room was exactly what we expected and more , we got upgraded and we couldnt of been happier with what we got , i love new york city and Canadians. i looked at other hotels and this waa by far the best choice .",5
3884, March 2018,Bad Experience,They should hire more people to work on the staff. The cleaning was not good. The breakfast is little. They charge for services that one does not use. The phones do not work. The staff is not friendly.,1
3885, March 2018,Great location,"Great place to stay when theater going. Clean rooms, efficient staff as long as you remember you are in the midst of Times Square and the noise comes along with it, you will have a pleasant stay. Fitness center, clean and has everything you need for a quick workout..",4
3886, March 2018,"Great service, warm welcome and made to feel special.","Great hotel, lovely people, expecialy Junior, he was so helpful and kind with a good sense of humour, made our arrival extra special. Clean room, clean bathroom and it’s smells Devine In here haha Will be back to stay here for sure Louise W",5
3887, March 2018,Bad place,"Tiny room, charge for delivery, staff without expression, has no advantage over other hotels, they charge for services that should be free of charge for the price of the hotel, since what they offer does not add value to the stay.",2
3888, March 2018,Excellent location!,We enjoy Broadway shows and this is the perfect location for this! Most of the shows we saw were within 2 blocks of the hotel. It is very accessible to the subways as well. City Bakery in the hotel has a great selection of food too!,5
3889, March 2018,Al Barwani,"I really appreciate Marcelo and Kathy excellent staff , very professional on treating guest. Excellent hotel, Front desk staff is very friendly and welcoming. The hotel layout is good , especially the main entrance very nice.",5
3890, March 2018,ANOTHER GREAT STAY!,"From the great people at check-in and check-out, to the great room, to the perfect location, I couldn't be more pleased with yet annother stay. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it,",5
3891, February 2018,1st time in NYC!,"What can I say....New York left us breathless! The Row was modern but small. Clean but small rooms. Service is great. No coffee or tea making facilities in the hotel which was a negative. Starbucks, McDonalds, shakeshack, juniors all around the corner. Perfectly located in Broadway. Walking distance from almost anywhere... We stayed 4 nights and it just was not enough! Hop on hop off buses close by. Time square close by. You're literally in Broadway. Very busy lobby area. Seems like every day there was an event taking place. Aircon works. Bathroom small but clean. Shower is in the bath tub but to step in and out is easy as they've made it higher/lower to get in /out easier. Restaurant was busy all the time but we didn't eat there. Over all a good stay. Lifts were quick.",4
3892, March 2018,IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP IN STEAM ENGINE DECK THIS IS RIGHT HOTEL 4 U!!,"One of the worst NYC hotels!!!! Staff on reception obnoxious, single rooms next to the, not one, but three huge ventilation rolls, which makes room vibrate like you would be sleeping in the old steam engine boat, literally inside the engine deck! As one reviewer wrote below, imma copy paste: ""Bottom line, I do NOT recommend this property and will not be returning.""",1
3893, March 2018,Family Trip,"Other than a small room everything was great.My son and daughter loved the soft beds. We got clean towels everyday. The location was close to stores,theaters and attractions. We walked everyware while our car was safly parked .",4
3894, March 2018,great local spot in time square,great hotel and loved he central location to time square! Had a burst pipe under our bathtub causing the tub floor to be squishy and have a horrible raw sewer stench! Rooms are very small but comfortable beds!!,4
3895, March 2018,"RUN, and don't look back","At first glance, you would think ROW is a nice place to stay. But once you take a deeper look, you'll realize that the Service, quality, and room? all terrible. After my 30 minute stay, I was forced to wait another 30 minutes for the supervisor to arrive in the lobby. When she did, she brought along her attitude and rudeness and immediately told me my payment is nonrefundable, and that I will have to go through the Reservations team for any refunds. 3 days later, I'm still trying to get in touch with the Reservations team.",2
3896, March 2018,Central hotel,"Central hotel, good breakfast area. A more welcome greeting on arrival - customers should not be left waiting on rooms especially having been travelling all day. Communicate and keep customers informed. Ensure that the reception desk has enough staff at all times to deal with the customers.",3
3897, March 2018,Very Basic Hotel,This hotel isn’t 4 Star in my opinion. There are unclear facilities charges and it needs an overhaul. Staff are friendly and it does a job but I wouldn’t recommend or stay again. Room only with no tea and coffee facilities not really what you expect for how the hotel is marketed or billed.,2
3898, March 2018,Best trip ever!,We stayed at the hotel for 5 days and the staff were great! Kubus who was at reception when we checked in was so friendly and gave us two free breakfasts each! The hotel is in a great location minutes away from Times Square! The view of the whole of New York was incredible from our window and the room was great :),5
3899, March 2018,Brilliant,The hotel had been a fantastic start to our trip to NYC and it is in a great location! Reasonable price and clean rooms as well as accommodating staff. Will be returning here again at the end of the year!,5
3900, November 2017,Great value for money,Needed somewhere to sleep for a night in business trip to New York and thankfully found Row NYK. Pricing was excellent and the room near and clean. The added service of baggage storage prior to check in as well as after check out is a welcome bonus for the business traveler. Close to Times Square Station with easy access to downtown. Plenty of eating places near by. Will definitely return.,5
3901, March 2018,Everything to see at Row NYC,"Best trip of my life, and this hotel played a big role in my experience. Everything is within walking distance, Times Square, Madison Squares Garden, Central Park, Broadway, Grand Central Station, just to name a few. Enjoy!!",5
3902, March 2018,Superb budget hotel in the heart of Times Square.,"The hotel was extremely busy and this wasn't even in season. But the staff cope remarkably well. The reception desk would either be packed with people coming in or quiet during a lull - so my advice would be if you ever need the reception use the phone or go when there's a lull. The standard rooms I know are small but we were extremely pleased to be given an upgrade free of charge to a superior room because the receptionist noticed we were there for my wife's 50th birthday. This was a wonderful gesture - and not only that they brought up a fruit basket and a bottle of Prosecco on the house as well. This superior room by the way was superb. Big enough with wonderful view over Times square. (Now I know that the standard rooms are smaller, but all I can say is remember that you",5
3903, March 2018,"Fun, modern and functional!","Perfect location! Rooms are small but functional. You do hear street noise, but it was worth it for the corner room we got with views of the streets, theatres, and highrises. Fun vibe to bring my older teenager for a week in the city.",5
3904, March 2018,ROW NYC - Times Square,"A huge hotel if a little impersonal. The room was on the small side but came well equipped. Phone, WiFi, TV. safe, hairdryer, iron etc, although no fridge or kettle. Good cleaning service. Fast lifts (I was on the 20th floor) and very quiet. Perfectly located for Times Square and Broadway. I would recommend it.",4
3905, March 2018,"Great location, awful hotel","This hotel is in a prime location for all the major tourist attractions and opposite shake shack, however that’s the only positive comment I have. The hotel on the face of it looks great, however when you look closer it is grubby and extremely dated. Every time you would use the lift you would get an electric shock now matter what floor you were on, probably not the safest. The first room was apparently an “upgrade” so I dread to think what the standard of our original room was like. The room was awful, small, dated, stains all over the carpet wall paper peeling from the walls and hair in the sink. We immediately went back to reception and were told they would move us in the morning as the hotel was full. The walls were paper thin, we could hear everything our drunken",1
3906, March 2018,Home at Times Square,I am always thrilled to stay at The Row. It is so centric and practical.Service is always good. Looking forward to go back any time. Location! Location! Location! And great service. The Row is at the heart of Broadway.,5
3907, March 2018,Excellent location and great bar staff,"The Row has a nice urban vibe which corrispondes exactly with your expectations of busy Manhattan lifestyle. The rooms are small but cosy. The best part of the hotel is though the bar; great music, good service and great staff. A special thanks to Josie for an unforgettable service. Will be back!",5
3908, March 2018,"Excellent location, comfortable and more than enough to rest, sleep and shower","Excellent location, comfortable and more than enough to rest, sleep and shower. Overall hygiene is ok, but could be a bit more accurate. Very nice smell at the entrance, good elevator service, helpfull staff.",4
3909, March 2018,Nice hotel,We came here on a deal. Location is excellent: near Penn Station & the theatre district Request a room on a higher floor. Cesar on the front desk took pity on a 6’9” man and gave me a king size bed. The shower was tall enough for me. I could even see my face in the mirror. All the employees were very helpful and cheerful. Concierge was able to direct us to a close urgent care. We will probably come back here again.,4
3910, March 2018,Very good hotel in great location,The hotel is in an excellent location. Soo close to Times Square and all Manhattan has to offer. Staff were very friendly and helpful and excellent at their jobs. Certainly will be back to stay and definately recommend it to anyone.,4
3911, March 2018,Disappointed,"I stayed here with my brother as we were celebrating our birthdays in New York. I can not stress enough to others that I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Though in a decent location and has a somewhat modern lobby the same can’t be said for their rooms. We stayed in a city view twin for 5 days and we’re incredibly disappointed with the standard of the room. This hotel is very dated and needs a serious face lift, the whole interior of the rooms are quite old and the paint job is terrible. The staff are far from professional at the front desk counters and have no idea on how to provide quality or efficient customer service, instead their abrupt and rude. We were checked in by a staff member named Christina who was quite rude yet had the audacity to ask us to provide her",1
3912, March 2018,Don't be fooled,"The ROW is in a magnificent location. However, it is by no means a 5* hotel as described on booking.com and potentially other sites. It's 3* at most. - The elevators are horrendous. At certain times of the day you have to wait for ages to even get in a lift. - The hotel is very grubby in general. Dirt in the elevators and hallways. Besides this the entertainment they occasionally have in the bar is nice.",3
3913, March 2018,Not just any port in a storm!,"During the last Nor'easter, we found our flights cancelled the day we were to leave. Of course my main concern was what if the hotel was booked? Where would we stay? The staff could not have been more friendly, sympathetic, or proactive in finding us an additional two nights lodging...at the same cost! Who does that??",5
3914, March 2018,"the persons on front desk have not attended well, I still expect to return in my nest trip to ny.","the persons on front desk have not attended well, I still expect to return in my next trip to ny. I was in room 1631 (I guess). There was strange noise like somedone with hammer hiting piping. I really appreciated the quick action in moving me to room 2703.",4
3915, March 2018,Really cool vibe,"Loved the hotel. Stayed for one night and it didn't disappoint. Normal NYC size rooms. Easy check in, loved the pizza at the bar. Evening vibe in the bar was great. Didn't have to go out as the weather was crappy. Would stay here in a heartbeat.",5
3916, March 2018,"Great hotel, wonderful service","Cesar checked me in and made sure to get us a great room that would fit our needs. Wonderful Front desk Attendant. We have stayed here many times, and the hotel is always clean and well maintained. Great service and better prices than other hotels in the area. Close to many popular Broadway theaters, as well as times square.",5
3917, March 2018,Outstanding Customer Service from Junior,"The reception from junior was amazing, first impressions count and you certainly made a fantastic one with us. He upgraded our room and found out it was birthday and placed a bottle of wine in the bedroom while we where out. Our room was clean and tidy. A big thanks for the recommendation of Virgil’s BBQ grill the restaurant was outstanding and went above an beyond our expectations. Also great location and close to allot of places. Keep up the great work Junior. Thanks Gemma and Joe",5
3918, March 2018,"Great Spot, would definitely come back again.","The location of this hotel is right in the heart of the city. The area is always busy which adds another level of safety to the whole experience, especially at night and for people unfamiliar with the city. The check-in and check-out was surprisingly quick and the room was quiet. Everything was very clean and although it wasn't the most spacious room, it definitely did what it had to do, and considering this is New York City, i'd say the size was pretty good. One of my favorite parts about this hotel was the 3 rewards that came with it. The free shuttle bus was a great perk to add on for my experience.",5
3919, March 2018,Wouldn’t stay here again,"The location is great, that’s about it :( The staff were rude and unpleasant. The hotel rooms are exceptionally small, even for NYC standards. The cafe prices were very high. The floors of the hotel were so uncomfortably hot. Rooms were dirty.",2
3920, March 2018,First time,"First time staying at Row NYC. Had a pleasant experience overall. Booked on Hotel Tonigjt for a really great deal. Walked from Port Authority to hotel. Looks nice from the outside, inside is modern and trendy. I liked it. Check in line was too long so I used the self check in kiosk, kinda cool. Not a fan of the daily resort fee. They give you a collapsible water bottle to use at water stations which is on every other floor. Elevator is interesting but I appreciate the safety, and how quickly they operate. Drinks at District M were overpriced. Rooms are tiny but perfect for one or two. Internet was okay, could be better. Walls were a little thin, could hear others in the next room. Heater in my room startled me every time it turned on. Could not hear any outside noise which was",3
3921, March 2018,BEST HOTEL EVER!,"So glad me and my partner stumbled across this hotel. With my partner being 19 and me being 17 we had to find a hotel which allowed the check in age to be 18. (It is common in NewYork hotels for the check in age to be 21, so if you are a young couple, this hotel is definitely the place to be. This was the perfect place to settle for our 6 day trip to the big Apple. Central, lively, you get the whole taste of NewYork from even just being in the hotel. The staff are very kind, patient and caring and treat you like family. Especially Cesor, who was so helpful and accommodating and made us feel incredibly welcome in our first trip to the best city ever. So if you are thinking of choosing this edgy, entertaining and relaxing hotel, I’d definitely say go for it. You will not regret it",5
3922, March 2018,Row nyc,"The good bits, it is very well placed with easy access to all New York has to offer. It is a very big, noisy hotel. The elevator system takes a bit of getting used to and was a bit of a scramble at times. The toiletries were good quality. The room was small but too warm for my liking. The bed was comfortable. The staff were friendly. I don’t wish to be too negative but overall the hotel was not really my sort of place.",3
3923, March 2018,"Poor hotel, but still good value. Beware lifts and ""resort fees"".","Really good location and overall really good value. This is a good pick for a city break. A few things to watch out for: * Lifts are really bad. You might wait a long time for a lift and then see a ""NO LIFT"" error from the call panel. We used the stairs from 17th floor once after waiting 10 minutes. The lift system seems really really stupid; especially when the hotel seems to frequently get coachloads of people arriving/leaving. The lift panel system doesn't know the difference between 1 person and 100 people calling a lift. * Unprofessional staff really make this a 2-star hotel experience. We were shocked to receive the $40-per-day ""resort fees"" bill at the end of our stay. This was partly our booker's fault for hiding this fee in small print; but what this fee paid for was",2
3924, March 2018,The hotel,"Very old and not clean ,room very small and not clean , bed very uncomfortable service poor and not polity but always ready to ask tips specially for luggages , food and beverage quite ok not acceptable serving wine in water glass",1
3925, March 2018,Location is not every thing,Great location although the rest of my stay was down hill with dirty room and staff that clearly does not care to resolve issues at first chance. Between the room with dirty napkins or Kleenex on the closet shelf a missing TV remote and finding a used fork in the bed you would think maybe it was house keeping was not done yet they just had came out of the room as I was waiting to enter for my stay......that's just day 1.,2
3926, March 2018,Thanks Cesar!,"We had a great stay at Row NYC! Cesar, the hotel associate who assisted with our stay, upgraded our room without the added cost. The room was clean and comfy. Would recommend staying at the Row if you're in NYC visiting.",5
3927, March 2018,I love it,Cesar made me feel right at home and it was my first time in NYC 5 star hospitality. As soon as we walked in we were helped immediately and in a very polite and respectful manner. I recommend you guys stay here for your next trip to the concrete jungle.,5
3928, March 2018,Good Value and Location,Hotel is in a very walkable location to Times Square and other major attractions. The subway can be reached easily enough for longer trips. We walked to pennstation for most of our trips but there should be closer access. Its located in a safe touristy area so safety shouldn’t be a serious concern for anyone. They allow customers to check their bags if they arrive before check in which is convient.,5
3929, March 2018,Very Happy,"Perfect location, most staff were helpful and friendly, some not so much but thats life. Rooms were a typical size for NYC, small but ok. Overall a good rating. Would come back to stay in the future..",4
3930, March 2018,A pleasant experience,"The hotel has provided us such a good experience. They are at a perfect location and they has a very good service. If I had to go back to New York City one more time, I would certainly stay at ROW again.",4
3931, March 2018,Spring Break in NYC!,"I loved our hotel at Row NYC. It was trendy, cool, and fun. It was the perfect place to stay with my teenage daughter. The location was perfect and the food options in the hotel were a delight. I can't wait for my next visit to the city and to stay at such a cool and fun place. It was busy and full of energy and you felt like you were in the heart of it all.",5
3932, March 2018,Great Location,"We stayed at Row NYC after spending the day at the Javits center for Vision Expo. Yes, room is small, but it's New York City, I wasn't expecting a penthouse. We checked in on the ipads in the lobby and made our room keys and went up to our room. The elevator is SUPER small, but luckily fast. We were on the 20th floor and our room overlooked 44th street. We could hear some street noise, but nothing so bad that I needed ear plugs. The room was clean and nice. The bathroom was VERY small, but again, I wasn't expecting my husband and I to be able to get ready at the same time. We walked to our dinner and to our show and back to the hotel, it was in a great location. We slept well, comfortable mattress and pillows. Room did get a bit warm, even with heat off, so I just cracked",4
3933, March 2018,Highly recommended,"We just spent the best week at Row NYC. The guy at the front desk, Junior, was super nice and made sure we had a great and memorable stay. The rooms are nice and clean and the lobby area had a great atmosphere. The location of the hotel could not have been better! Right in the heart of it all by Times Square. Walking distance to most things. Would choose Row NYC again any day. Can highly recommend this hotel.",5
3934, March 2018,My stay was the best possible experience,"Row NYC Hotel: The entire staff from registration, housekeeping, District M made certain that my stay was the best possible experience. They provided me with great rewards from breakfast to room upgrades showed they want to make certain I will return to the Row on my next visit to New York. I look forward to returning later this year with my family. 4 Stars.",5
3935, March 2018,Okay,The hotel wasn’t too bad except I paid for a city view and didn’t l get this and our toilet was also broken had water coming out the top and was very loud when flushed. Other than that the experience was good,3
3936, March 2018,Location and Value,"Location fabulous. Very busy hotel, great value for money. The staff in general were very courteous and helpful. The computerized elevator system excellent, but requires a brief learning curve, because it can be very busy. Hint: sometimes the quickest way down is up first!",4
3937, March 2018,Great value for money,Great location and ideal for business trip as its simply a clean place to sleep when you have been out the whole day in meetings . The breakfast area is great place as well and overall everyone has a smile on their face which is very important. The place is BUSY though,5
3938, March 2018,Nice hotel,"Cheating with the fees. They lie with the per day rates and hide a 30$ fee per day. It is the last time I use the hotel. It is a pitty. Additionally, if you make them a but review, the page is not including it in the webpage",5
3939, March 2018,Basic Times Square,"If you are a tourists.. this is for you.. busy . Hustle bustle of Times SquareNYC.. it’s a large 25+ floor hotel with 6 elevators . Rooms ok, clean, needs some remodeling, wore heavily. Ok location. Get What you pay for.",2
3940, February 2018,Quick Visit,Hotel good location close to Times Square and surrounding areas. Good location to pick up bus tour stops. Staff friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast included in deal would not have booked it! Rooms tired and could do with updating,3
3941, March 2018,Good Location and Good Value,"If you need to be in Midtown, Row NYC is a prime location. Good value for the price of the room for NYC hotels. Food options at the Kitchen were great for breakfast. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Only cons were the hallways could be very loud sometimes; the elevators were backed up a lot; and our room sometimes made a very loud noise near the windows. I would still recommend!",4
3942, March 2018,"Historic, convenient and affordable hotel near Times Square. . . . Cleanliness was an issue.","This was my second stay at this Historic, convenient and affordable hotel near Times Square. The hotel is newly renovated, hip and NY sized, no complaints. The lobby is crowded times is full of luggage and guests. Our party all received email offers to ""Pre-Check In"" yet the links did not work. Disappointed to find the bathroom quite dirty with hair in the tub, toilet and on the hand towels. It appears the un-used hand towels were never changed between guests. The back of the bed needed some deep cleaning as well if you dared look.",3
3943, March 2018,Cesar is the best!,Thanks to Cesar my boyfriend and I were upgraded to a king size bed! It was perfect for the snowy New York day we had and made it much more comfortable for us to hangout and be cozy all night. He recommended the ramen in city kitchen because he knew we were in the mood for it! Great hotel to hangout in for the whole night...thanks Cesar!!,5
3944, March 2018,Vision Expo East,The hotel was in a good location. It had a very pleasant bar with great music. The people working at the hotel were ALL helpful and kind. Anizia was our favorite. She was one of the servers in the bar and called us by our names every day!,3
3945, September 2017,Busiest place and 24/7 live,Its on the super busiest spot. Ambience was good. I got an upgraded room. Staffs were good. I came as a solo traveller to explore the nyc for the first time. The staffs guided me well. One advice about the room service: there was no water bottle available in the room.,3
3946, March 2018,Not a hotel for a week stay or an older person,"Location, location, location! This hotel is indeed in a perfect location if you are looking for midtown Manhattan sights, the theaters, or Times Square. My room was cleaned promptly but most everything else I found lacking. It is so small and the extra fees are for what? Since when is enhanced wifi worth $ 30 + a day! The hotel is super noisy and while there is a store, a bar, a lounge area and a food court attached there is also no coffee in the room, no hairdryer, no onsite laundry facilities, no small refrigerators, no free breakfast or newspaper. I never got a call when my room was ready ( or a text)--this hotel caters to short stays and foreign travelers. If you get a great rate then grab it but I am returning to something like Fairfield Inn with a bright lobby. I",2
3947, March 2018,Great service Great Location,The rooms are small but it's in a great location. And the rooms and bathrooms are very clean. Plenty of towels. The service from the staff is above average. Every other hotel should take tips from Row NY on service.,4
3948, March 2018,Best location,"Best location ever... 2 Blocks from times square... Clean, confy, modern cristina T great host! Free Internationals calls! Free WiFi And district M and city kitchen great places for food all day... Super",4
3949, March 2018,Great value; great location,"This was my second stay. (First was January 2017.) Very good value if all you want is a great location for Broadway shows, clean room with comfy bed and good TV (essential for March Madness). Room is very tight, but quite fine for one. Could be OK for 2 as well if room ambiance isn't a priority. Nice amenities: surprisingly good bar, and the City Kitchen food court just off the lobby. A few things decreased this year's rating from 5 stars to 4 stars: place is extremely busy and worn spots are showing everywhere. Not ""shabby,"" yet, but not ""fresh and new"" like last year, either. Irritating elevator process and they are often full and slow to arrive. Place to store luggage pre and post stay is ""under renovation,"" and inconvenient, though the guys who staff it are",4
3950, March 2018,ROW NYC Double charged me! (I booked through and paid Amoma.com),"When I booked online via Amoma.com, I have paid Amoma.com the fee for the one night to stay at the ROW NYC hotel. Yet, when I arrived there that night, ROW NYC asked for my credit card and charged me again, Amoma.com charged me HKD $1,097, and then ROW NYC charged me HKD $1,506.51 + $560.07 (deposit) Now I have double paid the hotel for 1 night, would either Amoma.com or Row NYC please returm money back to me please?",2
3951, March 2018,Amazing Hotel!!,"This hotel is in a amazing spot! Definitely one of the best places to stay if you are new to NYC. Very easy to get around the big city from this hotel as you can walk to everything due to this hotel being in a fantastic spot. The front desk were fantastic with allowing us to upgrade our room and providing information about NYC. The room was spacious and comfortable, I was hardly at the hotel due to its fantastic location within the city. One thing I must say is it would be lovely if house keeping could knock before entering the room as we woke up a few mornings during our stay to house keeping trying to get into the room... Overall fantastic hotel and would definitely recommend this hotel to friends or anyone new to the big city!!!",4
3952, March 2018,ROW NYC,Enjoyed the location of hotel in the heart of the theatre district near excellent restaurants. We had an executive suite room and thought it was very spacious and fun for entertaining. Would book hotel again!,4
3953, March 2018,Excellent Stay,Enjoyed our stay for a convention at the Javitz center. Anizia who waitresses at the bar was fantastic. She remembered our whole crews names and made our visit very personal. Music was nice with the band on Thursday night. The breakfast options were fantastic.,5
3954, March 2018,Small rooms,"I been traveling to NY in a yearly basis and despite the hotel is in a great location the rooms are very very small, the bathrooms are also way to small. Elevator H door kept malfunctioning. The gym is limited but ok.",2
3955, March 2018,"A very fine, economical stay in New York","I would use the Row NYC Hotel again. It is in walking distance of Times Square, fine restaurants, and the theater district. I probably saved $300 over one of the chain hotels for the two days I stayed at Row NYC.",4
3956, March 2018,Hip hotel in great location for Broadway shows & Times Square attractions,"The hotel is so cool, the rooms are so small (but really, as long as I can fit my suitcase in and not trip over it constantly, I'm good) but the location right next to the Theater District, Restaurant Row and Times Square is awesome. Street noise wasn't really an issue for us either. Coming into the hotel at night felt like a party! The elevator situation can get crazy, but the staff is pretty helpful. We loved being able to walk to all the things we were in town to do (see Frozen, visit Gulliver's Gate etc.), a fun place to stay and the energy keeps you hopping! We loved the complimentary water flasks, which came in handy for the kiddos.",4
3957, March 2018,While in the City,"The service is friendly, more specifically Rob at the front desk is awesome! This hotel has nice views as well as comfy beds! I highly recommend it to anyone who is considering visiting New York and wants easy access to just about anything around!",5
3958, March 2018,Great location & vibe,"Great location in the city for a first time visitor. Friendly staff, clean room with great view of the city. Loved the unique setting of lobby bar. Would definitely recommend for others visiting for the first time. And never seen elevators that move crowds so fast!",5
3959, January 2018,Its the poor man's W,"Cosy rooms...on the funky side but the hotel needs a major scrub (constantly..heavy traffic) and their heater in the room kept me up all night, too loud! Metro across the street, and round the corner from Times Square. Location is amazing. Opted for breakfast and it consisted of one fruit, one pastry and a hot drink...cafeteria style but they had like a food market in the lobby and had good selection and plenty of seating. Would go back if they give it a good scrub a dub dub",3
3960, March 2018,6 stars for Service,"After a long day of work , the staff went that extra mile . Paola even laughed at my (corny ) joke . It's because of staff like this that we keep coming back ,hence the sixth star ! Centerly located, clean and a hip feel ,definitely a plus .",5
3961, March 2018,Birthday celebration!,"My girlfriend surprised me with a 4 night stay in New York for my birthday. The Row was awesome! The room was perfect and the commodities great! We spent my birthday night at the bar there, district M, and had a blast! If you find yourself in the area pop in and see if Anizia is working! She was our server and was super accommodating! Jarrett the bartender poured our shots all night long and needless to say had us having the time of our lives! The next time we’re in New York we will definitely be coming here again!",5
3962, March 2018,Great hotel!,"Great stay at the Row! Rooms were nice, friendly staff and perfect location. Special shout out to district M which is the hotels bar! Killer service and killer drinks! Thanks to anizia for the great service and Jarrett for the amazing drinks :) we will be back!",5
3963, March 2018,Underwhelmed,"We purchased a discounted room online, but the flaws of the room didn’t justify the price—the heating unit was so loud it woke us up throughout the night, there was poor water pressure, we paid a useless resort fee (we weren’t even given the measly water bottles promised), and there was evidence of mold on bathroom ceiling. The only good thing about it was the location.",2
3964, March 2018,District M,"Anizia at District M. Best bartender in NYC. Make sure you ask for her! Great atmosphere. Friendly people. Check out the menu items for before dinner nosh. You won’t be disappointed in the food, the drinks, and definitely not the scenery. Enjoy!",5
3965, March 2018,Anizia is awesome,"So... first time in NY and I have to say that Anizia properly welcomed me to Gotham City by serving us drinks, giving solid site-seeing advice and being generally wonderful. Row NYC is great and Anizia makes it perfect. I recommend it!",5
3966, March 2018,Anizia!!!,"Had the pleasure of visiting the lobby bar at Row NYC as it was tended by Anizia. She was extremely attentive and very helpful. She is a wealth of knowledge- if you need suggestions for where to eat and visit in the city, she is the one to ask!",5
3967, March 2018,Garret is amazing,"I stay at ROW frequently and I am always super impressed by the staff and service in District M. Garret is a dream come true, always friendly and offers me advice on the best places to go in the city! I will definitely be returning to ROW because of the fantastic service offered! Thank you Garret!!!!! You made my stay!",5
3968, March 2018,Clean & Broadway View,"For the price, you can beat the location, cleanliness and customer service. The room was a bit small and couldn't control the extreme heat in the bathroom, but overall very satisfied for our 3 day stay.",4
3969, March 2018,Our bartender Jared!,"My best friend and I come to NYC frequently. When we arrived, our room was not ready so we decided to go to the bar next to the lobby where we were then greeted by Jared. His personality was more than welcoming and he made our first impression one to remember! As we both work in the hospitality industry, first impressions and attitudes are everything! He was friendly and extremely attentive. Because of him we will back to Row NYC!",5
3970, October 2017,Sight seeing,"We visited this hotel in Oct 2017. Rooms were ok, clean & fresh, but make sure when you book your told about the tax. I don’t agree being charged for free gym ! Who wants to go in the gym when your in NYC !? Our provider made us aware of this nightly charge however some people weren’t & they were having hefty bills left under their doors.",3
3971, March 2018,Overall great experience,"The hotel was a great experience albeit busy, which was no surprise. No major complaints, and the hotel staff were very friendly/helpful. I’d definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NY - great location, good coffee, etc.",4
3972, March 2018,Great stay in NYC,"Ask for rooms away from elevators and stairs and definitely get the breakfast. Rooms are clean and comfortable. I prefer a firmer bed and pillows, but not bad as sheets are soft. Offers a great location",4
3973, March 2018,Spring Break experience,Latonya and Reine were so amazingly kind and helpful at the front desk. Concierge attendants were friendly and knowledgeable and helped us navigate the city easily. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again,4
3974, March 2018,Excellent Stay,"I had an excellent experience with my stay at Row and would 100% go back, anytime. The rooms were very clean, I stayed in a city-view room with a queen sized bed and the view of the city was amazing! The room was very unique and I had no problems with the wi-fi. Row's staff was very kind and helpful - James Williams, a staff member went out of his way to accommodate us with breakfast and drink vouchers. He was very kind and helpful during our stay at Row. To top it off, the breakfast was incredible! I had an amazing time staying at Row.",5
3975, March 2018,Decent,"I stayed with some family members in this hotel for about 5 days. Overall the room was ok, decent. The location of the hotel is really good. When i did the check in my room wasn’t ready so they gave me 4 free breakfast passes, which i found good until i had breakfast because they didn’t have many options. Other than that i think hotel it’s good if you’re going to be out the whole day.",3
3976, March 2018,Cesar is the greatest,Recently spent a night at row nyc with my wife and had a phenomenal time thanks to the accommodation of Cesar. He went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed our stay and have the best night possible.,5
3977, March 2018,Lov’n NY,"So I’ve been to NY a couple of times but this has by far been my favorite. My best girl friend brought me for four days on my bday which is around St Patrick 🍀so it’s been a good experience to be in NY but let me tell you about the 3 people that helped make it an even more memorable experience, at the hotel Row there is a bar called District M or should I say Jared , Brandon and my sweet heart Kelly they made our stay just that little more better for both of us, the total cherry on top of my cake...and the best drinks you could find in NY If you find yourself at District M look for these crazy treo Lov Dominic",5
3978, March 2018,Excellent customer service,"The Hotel is in a good location though the rooms are a little small. We needed some help from customer service and Cristina T. had an amazing attitude to answer ALL our questions. If you are looking for somewhere centric close to the bus, metro, train and also close enough to walk to many attractions, this is the perfect place.",4
3979, March 2018,Tiny uncomfortable rooms,The only positive aspect of this hotel was the location in Times Square. The bed was very uncomfortable with just a mattress. There was no room to turn around in the bathroom. The tv was not centered over the bed. Alot of upgrades would help,2
3980, March 2018,St.Patricks parade,Our evening has started out great when we met the bartender Jarrett and a few locals at the bar Jarrett got our rm. Upgraded. Thank you Amanda for the impeccable service. The hotel is awesome! NYC here we come. Slainte,5
3981, March 2018,"Great Location, Small Rooms","Across the street from a Shake Shack, starbucks on the next block, near penn stations and therefore subway stops. Rooms are nice but small (like most NY hotels). Staff is very friendly and helpful. The elevators are a bit different: you need to push the floor you want, then you get a private elevator to your floor. I like it but it took me a moment to figure that out",4
3982, March 2018,Great location and nice staff!,"We really enjoyed our recent stay at Iroquois New York. We did have to ask a few times for what I’d consider “room essentials” (ie toilet paper and glasses) but the internet was great, comfortable beds, and very friendly staff. Would totally stay again.",4
3983, March 2018,Okay..,Hallways were creepy because they’re dimly lit. I stayed alone and felt like I had to call a friend while walking to room. Also heard people screaming from broadway side of room all night and wasn’t well rested at all. The price is great but not sure if it’s worth the weird experience this time. I’ve stayed here before and didn’t encounter any issues.,3
3984, March 2018,Blown away!,"Blown away by the service, quality of the room and the amazing location of this property. It was super busy at check in, but Zac, our associate, got us settled in quickly and gave us a full run down of all the hotel amenities. The room was beautiful, with a spacious bedroom, huge bathroom and even a small sitting area that looked out right over one of the coolest streets in Manhattan! There are dozens of great restaurants right outside the door, Times Square is just a short block away and there must be two dozen of the top Broadway shows within 4 blocks. Considering the price, this has to be the best value within walking distance to Times Square. We were so happy with our first night we booked two more nights on the back end of our cruise!",5
3985, March 2018,GREAT STAY VERY WELCOLMING,Such a great stay. I will stay again and refer a friend... Clean and sexy elegant hotel... Cesar checked me in and was super kind. He had a pleasant welcoming energy... The staff offered free gift upon my check in. Thanks!,5
3986, March 2018,Perfect location,"We stayed for a long weekend for my husband's birthday and chose this hotel for the close proximity to Times Square and the shows. The location really is perfect for walking places, and the subway is right on the corner. Depending on where we were heading that day, an easy walk or ride from the hotel. The rooms are tiny, especially the bathrooms, but enough to sleep and shower in. The corner room we had showed a good view of 8th Ave from the 11th floor, but was extremely noisy at night. Constant horns beeping and emergency vehicles going by, so it was a little hard to get sleep in. Our safe needed reset upon arrival, and they promptly came to fix it. Good service and very polite housekeeping also. My only real downside was a lack of plugs on the end table (hard to charge",4
3987, June 2017,Mr. Marcelo Del Coll the best one,"COMPLIMENT MARCELO DEL COL I would like to emphasize my sincere thanks to the great professional MARCELO DEL COLL for the dedication and professionalism in all the times I have been staying at this hotel formerly named MILFORD, now ROW, for many years I have the tradition of always going to New York, staying stayed in this hotel The reason for giving preference to being a host and the way we are treated, including myself, my mother 87 years old, we are very grateful for the caring and the way we are treated, just to give an example, had one day, that after he finished his work, took us to know the neighborhood in which he lives, He is an outstanding professional who deserves a lot of the compliments we are doing, he deserves a prominent place in this company, for the good",5
3988, March 2018,My stay at Row NYC,Room very clean. Pleasant check in staff. We got a free upgrade of our room since a bigger room was available. Disappointed that breakfast wasn't included since it was included the last time I stayed here.,4
3989, March 2018,PERFECT Hotel,"This hotel is PERFECT if you’re not going to be spending all your time in your room, but rather exploring. The rooms are small and simple, nothing luxurious, with everything you could possibly need from free wifi to multiple towels in the washroom to and iron and iron stand even! The window view was not bad either (a beautiful view of Times Square). The winning factor is the LOCATION though. I was attending a few shows in downtown Manhattan and I literally just had to WALK to them because the hotel is so close to all of them. Love ROW, will be back for sure.",4
3990, March 2018,Perfect location,"Hotel was nearby and accessible; literally a 10 minute walk from times Square and all the major shows we had to attend. Staff was friendly and helpful when making accommodations. Price is reasonable for the rooms and room service provided. Freebies were GREAT and a perfect addition to our experience. Plenty of breakfast places and and restaurants for dinner in the area. I had to catch a show in the Rockefeller plaza and literally just had to wake up, walk ten minutes, and I was there! Overall a really great location, which for us was the main thing. I enjoyed bonding with fellow hotel mates during the elevator trips up and down the floors!",5
3991, March 2018,Great location and vibe,"Brought my 17 year old grandson to NYC and stayed at Row. It was perfect for our 5-day visit. Douglas, out hotel associate, was incredibly helpful. Location couldn’t have been better for theatre, subway and food of all varieties. A real deal for the price.",5
3992, March 2018,Great choice!,"Service was excellent, room was fun and cozy. Bathroom could've been cleaner. We would definitely come back. My daughter thought the beds were incredible and chose to hang out in the room before exploring the city.",4
3993, March 2018,Always relaxing and refreshing,"I only stay when we are in tech rehearsals of new Broadway show on the same block. We work 8am until midnight and I don't want to commute to Long Island during this time. I always stay at The Row NYC and get more sleep, rest and relaxation and peace for a few hours. The result is I am fresh and alert in the mornings to face another day",5
3994, March 2018,Quick stay,"We arrived and checked in via the iPad however had to wait in a long line for our room keys as the machine with the ipads didn't work. The lady at the front desk was great and gave us our keys quickly. We arrived in the room and found black mold on the walls in the bathroom. The room was also very hot. When messing with the thermostat the air conditioning would stay on for about a minute and shut off. This lead to us having to mess with it constantly including all night long. We slept with the window open and that still did not cool it down enough. This also led to us not being able to sleep since it is so loud outside (not the hotels fault at all, can't control that). City kitchen within the hotel is great and has a great selection, however, due to the cleanliness and issues",2
3995, March 2018,BROKEN PROMISES,"DO NOT BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Horrible service Didn't have my room promised me a deluxe the next day for the innconvience Next day when checking into the next room made us wait 4 hours for the room to be ready and gave us a standard and told us next time get the name of the person that promised you the deluxe So we changed room and the next room smelled really bad, it was clean tho Turned on the sink and solid stuff fell out Took a long time for the water to get warm",1
3996, March 2018,ROW nyc,"My husband and I stayed at the ROW nyc this past weekend and we were rather impressed. Although there was no doorman to greet us and no one to valet our car upon arrival, which was a bit disappointing, once we got settled in our stay couldn't have been nicer. The food and cocktails in the lounge area were very much above average and we found the staff throughout the hotel to be extremely friendly and helpful. We would definitely recommend the ROW. We'll be back.",5
3997, July 2017,Don't stay here,This place is a dump. For the price I would pay a little more and stay somewhere better. Thank God for the maids and they way they clean the bathroom. Everything else is small and dirty. The front desk make you wait and wait and wait for your room! They need to get it together way more. See pictures do I need to say more Oh and that was the nice view,1
3998, March 2018,Fantastic Location at an incredible price.,You can not go wrong with this hotel. Nothing fancy about the rooms but they clean and perfect for the traveler who is in New York to see the sights and not spend all there time in their room. The lobby has a nice bar lounge to grab a drink after running around seeing the sights. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place.,5
3999, March 2018,Great hotel,"Good value hotel and great location. The staff at checkin were pleasant. Bar a bit expensive, but nice to sit and people watch with a drink. I was very impressed that there was good security around too.",5
4000, March 2018,VERY GOOD HOTEL,"Very good place with a first class localisation and very near of the subway , rooms are very clean and big enough , he bar is fine with good drinks and nice music , sometimes we must wait a little bit to long for the lifts next time I come to NYC I'll choose the same hotel",5
4001, March 2018,Best location for theatre!,"Very busy hotel great value compared to many other hotels. Nice staff and very cute rooms. Some rooms have great views and more then one window, awesome. The elevator is very strange and hard to get used to, I don't think it works well with this hotel as its the busiest hotel.",4
4002, March 2018,"Very small, very loud.","The room was very small, extremely loud, cleaning staff knocked in the door at 8am until 11am multiple times. By the way leave ten minutes early because the elevators are awful. So small and they stop at multiple floors even though no one else can fit in the elevator.",2
4003, March 2018,NYC again,"This is my second visit to Row, NYC. It is well located close to the theater district and easily walkable to all the fun sites in downtown.The hotel was clean and safe. It also had coffee, breakfast and drinks at night. I felt comfortable walking everywhere. My friend and I walked about 10 miles which gave us time to enjoy sites as we walked. We took a ton of pictures.",4
4004, March 2018,Localização Excelente e Só!,All rooms are small. Prefer the high floors. Location is a must. Close to the subway and to Manhattan’s main attractions. Junior at the front desk is very helpful and speaks portuguese. Besides that front desk lines are huge. The elevators are packed most part of the times. Be careful with your personal belongs.,3
4005, March 2018,Perfect for our break,"We visited The Row for a 5 night stay and were really pleased to be informed there was a room with a good view available. Cesar at reception was very helpful and welcoming. We were told that rooms can be small in this hotel, but if I'm honest our room was perfect. Enough space to get changed and an en suite bathroom. The staff were all very helpful and the maids in particular were very patient when we wanted a lie in. The room was cleaned properly every day with new sheets and towels. The booking stayed free bottled water, but there was a fountain outside the room and cups supplied. The water machine provided boiling and cold water and both tasted filtered. I will add that being in the centre of Times Square, the rooms are noisy. We went prepared with earplugs and slept like",5
4006, March 2018,Row hotel,I stay in this hotel any time only thing it needs to be more cleaner Close to everything times square Staff Very nice and helpful I had a fantastic time I even had a drink on the bar My view from fantastic too,5
4007, March 2018,Great location!,Great location. Theatres are close by and the subway is around the corner. 2 blocks from Times Square.Not fancy but perfect for a short stay. Rooms are comfortable. Our second stay at this hotel. Great food. The walls are thin and the hallways are a bit noisy but the rates are good for what you get.,4
4008, March 2018,First visit with friends,We have just returned home after 6 days in NYC staying at Row. We found the hotel was very pleasant the check in was smooth and security was good. We stayed in Room 1204 this was quite small for 3 persons but clean. We asked for directions at the front desk and found the receptionist very helpfully. We were allowed to have late check out and the receptionist was brilliant her name was Morial (spelling not good). I would recommend this hotel.,4
4009, March 2018,A NYC-style hotel,"The best part of our stay at the ROW was the experience with Mr. Junior's guest service, on Saturday night after Storm Riley! We arrived in NY exhausted and not knowing if our reservation was still valid (we were retained in 48hs in Atlanta). Mr Junior was totally understanding, efficient and professional. Without a doubt, the ROW will be highly recommended by me, thanks to its staff composed of dedicated professionals such as Mr Junior and Mr Marcelo Del Col. The rroms are fine and clean.",5
4010, March 2018,Dirty,"This place is gross, dirty and beat up. Hallway and rooms smell like smoke, disgusting. Nothing like the pictures, room and beds are tiny. Closet is a joke even by NY standards. Self check in broken and no signs posted so people kept trying without success. Check in process slow and under staffed. Stay away",1
4011, March 2018,The best vacations,Row NYC is perfect ! MARCELO DEL COL we love you! I’d like to say Thanks Thank you very much for your attention! You MARCELO DEL COL is the best ! See you in June ! Congratulations! Row e Marcelo Del Col together make the difference!!! See you ! Thanks! Thanks!!!,5
4012, March 2018,Great location and very nice stay,"This hotel is so convenient to Times Square and the theaters. Good quality of restaurants nearby as well. Junior was very helpful at the desk upon check-in and personable. the complementary breakfast was easy to obtain, good seating, and delicious.",5
4013, March 2018,my review,"It wasn't the best hotel i've been to in nyc. When I tried to use the self check in kiosk, I completed it all the way until the step to create your own key, the key device didn't work. I like the bathroom tub fixtures but there was a lot of old fxtures (the door was old and the gas heater was old).",3
4014, March 2018,First over night stay in NYC,I am 20 years old and this was my first experience of renting a hotel for my girlfriend and I. I could not have asked for more. For the price this hotel is just what I was looking for. Time square is right around the corner and plenty of great places to grab food nearby.,4
4015, March 2018,Definitely worth it.,Zac at reception was amazing...super friendly and went above and beyond to make our stay special. Room had a great view of Times Square and was spacious. Very convenient location as well. Highly recommended.,5
4016, March 2018,Great Location for the Price,Coming to NYC you have a lot of hotel choices. ROW NYC should be at the top of your list. It's a no frill experience that leaves you with a beautiful clean room and smack dab in the heart of Times Square. I had a room on the 23rd floor. I could leave the window open and get some fresh air while not experiencing all the noise from down below. Room was very clean and the bathroom shower was terrific.,4
4017, March 2018,Uhhh review,Great place to stay and great location. Very modern. Food and service was good. The shower was a little skeevy but other than that we had a great time. Definitely booking this hotel again. Elevator service was a little slow so be prepared. Very high tech and like how the sugar factory was connected to the hotel.,5
4018, March 2018,No better location than @ NYC Row,"Booked hotel through SnapTravel, and got an amazing deal for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. No problems with my reservation, check in, or check out. (Love the mobile check in/out) SnapTravel requested a room with a view for me, recieved a room on the 28th floor with a beautiful city view. Best part was it was just around the corner from the broadway theatre we were attending, and in perfect walking distance to so many restaurants / time square. Will stay here again.",4
4019, March 2018,down with resort fees,Stayed here for 4 nights . First night our door got tried 3x second night kept awake most of the night with the couple next door arguing rather loudly for hours .. cant fault the staff on the front desk as they got us a new room which turned out to be a bigger size and had the best view .. Would've liked a cup of tea at another time other than breakfast . also the resort fees .dont start me on them.. basically paid $138 for wifi that was used only for the few hrs a day we were actually in the room. Resort fees shoud be included in the price at booking not when you arrive and get hit with that to pay on checking out . i didnt use any other facility there it all seems a bit greedy to me just another way to get more money from people . puts you off wanting to come back .,3
4020, March 2018,Location only good point!,"We had to stay here after our trip was rebooked due to poor weather and the company had to change the hotel - so disappointing! If you want a bed to sleep in then that’s what you’ll get here. But it’ll be in a tiny room, grubby carpets, dusty floor in bathroom, panel behind TV was taped up with cellotape. They only provided 3 pillows with 2 people staying in the room (strange if you ask me) however they promptly delivered me an extra when I asked - though on the 3rd day when our room was cleaned they took the pillow back! And it took me a good 2/3 hours to get a new one brought up! Breakfast wasn’t included though not the end of world as location of hotel is only bonus -perfectly central so lots of wonderful places to eat for breakfast! There’s hundreds of rooms in this",3
4021, March 2018,Ideal locatin,"Great hotel, great staff, rooms cleaned daily shop not as big as I thought. Would be nice to have tea making facilities in room or a machine in foyer. Being English the time zone meant I was waking up about 1am breakfast not on till 6.30 so along time to wait.5minute walk to times sq ideal location.",4
4022, February 2018,Close to all of the good stuff,"Liked the hotel. Bed really comfy. Don't waste your money on the breakfast. Go across the street for an excellent homemade type breakfast. Had to ask for wash cloths multiple days since there were none in the bathroom. Also, get ready for them to overload your email. I finally had to send all of them to spam. The hotel is literally around the corner from ""Phantom of the Opera"" and just a few blocks from Times Square. Overall, I would stay again.",3
4023, March 2018,Bad experience,"I would not recommend this hotel. The queues to check in were so long, key cards did not work, elevators were a joke...took 15/20 mines each time to use. Heating in the rooms also really poor. Overall experience was not good!",2
4024, March 2018,Edgy Fun,"Hot, hip, accessible, thought-thru hotel right in the middle of the action with a band playing on Thursday nights and exceptional food choices. The rooms are tiny and basic but also fun and again well designed. Stay here with humor and for value and convenience.",4
4025, March 2018,Unsatisfactory,"I had to stay here because of the nor'easter and it was filthy. I had hair on my pillow case, towels and bathroom floor. When I tried called guest services to ask for help the phone kept ringing for almost 10 minutes until I gave up. I thought I checked into a room that hadn't been cleaned.",1
4026, March 2018,Great location,"The hotel was very cool, really nice rooms, clean bathroom and excellent location close to Times Square but not right next to it, Broadway, food and transportation are a few steps from the hotel. Very easy check in and check out",5
4027, March 2018,Location is the only positive,"Booked for four nights for a 30th birthday. Marcelo checked us in very pleasant as the staff around reception were talking to each other didn’t acknowledge us. This man was finished his shift saw us and was very helpful. Hotel itself is in a good location right in the middle of everything. As for it’s condition it’s extremely grubby. Truth be told my heart sank when I saw our room. I wore shoes as the carpet looked so bad. The blinds were filthy. Extraction vent in bathroom filthy. It looks like it has been painted again and again just covering up the dirt. Rust around socket plugs. Broken furniture. Never again would I stay here, only for I didn’t want to stress us out and start if the trip by wondering around looking for a hotel I would have moved but it would have just eaten",2
4028, March 2018,Great hotel,The Row is a great value. The hotel is conveniently located to transportation and to cultural venues. The rooms are bright and cheerfully decorated with windows that can be opened. The staff is very helpful. A great place to stay for your stay in NYC.,5
4029, August 2017,Lovely,"Loved our stay! Stayed for 5 days only and loved every minute of it. Great service and very friendly staff especially from Cristina.T. which was on hand to listen to our needs and to give us informations and advice,despite there were many people. Room was on the smaller size, but was comfortable and clean with fantastic view and timely room service. When in NY next time we will definitely return here",5
4030, March 2018,Douglas at the front desk was awesome !,My stay at this hotel was amazing. The room was great and the location is perfect. I wanted to be able to get to and from the city. Douglas at the front desk was very helpful as well. I will come back.,5
4031, March 2018,Excellent Service,"First time staying at Rowe. Nothing but positive experiences. I did not wait long to check in, and I was greeted by Douglas. He is extremely accommodating and polite. Made me feel welcome and was attentive to my needs. I have a great room, and will definitely recommend this place to my friends!",5
4032, March 2018,Broadway 🎭 Bound,First time at this Hotel. Walking distance to everything even in bad weather if you dress correctly. We walked to all 3 plays we saw.And to Central Park & Time Square Also had tickets for taping of The Chew on a rainy morning walked there also,5
4033, February 2018,Wonderful,"Great hotel. Best location, right in Times Square, very convenient for visiting the Big Apple. Recently renewed. Nice room, super-confortable bed. Helpful staff. Can’t say anything bad about it. Second time I have been, just loved it.",5
4034, March 2018,Anniversary trip to the Tennis,"Junior at check in was amazing, so polite, friendly and helpful. Took his time to explain all of the facilities the hotel has to offer. Once he found out it was our anniversary he upgraded us and sent a fruit plate and bottle of Prosecco to our room. Such a lovely touch. Everyone we came across were extremely helpful and friendly. The location is brilliant - we got the air train then subway in from JFK and we ended up across the street from the hotel. Cannot wait for my third visit in December this time Christmas shopping with a friend!! Thank you to all who made our trip so enjoyable.",5
4035, February 2018,Great stay in Row Hotel NYC,"Different reasons that made my stay in Row Hotel a great experience: nice staff, very comfortable rooms, great breakfast and coffee and the City Kitchen, a food hall with different restaurants where you can find all day long very delicious food like hamburgers, sushi, lobster, mexican, lebanese...",5
4036, February 2018,A good place,"It was really good, a great location, really nice looking, the only bad thing was the price, a little high, and an additional fee of 11 dollars for each received package, room was small but nice and the carpet may need a deeper cleaning",4
4037, March 2018,Amazing customer service!!,"Wow, first time in New York and couldn't have had a better welcome. How fortunate we were to have Junior serving us. On arrival he decided to move us to a room with a view as it was our first time here. He took so much time going through the map with wonderful practical suggestions as to how to make use of our short break while getting the best value for money. We will back and we will be staying here!!",5
4038, March 2018,Decent hotel with great location.,"Great location near theatre's and Time Square. Check in was easy at the kiosk. Nice food court with lots of options in the hotel. We did experience a couple of areas where this hotel fell short. We did not have hot water in our bathroom sink our entire stay despite notifying hotel staff. Also, the rooms were not as clean as I would have expected. Bed linens and shades were dirty.",3
4039, March 2018,Rip Off,"I don't appreciate the added fees tacked on at the end. I believe they should ask the guest if they want to use the gym, pool, Wi-Fi, and the phone, don't just add them on your bill. Also, Clean sheets and a clean bathtub would have been nice for a room that cost over $200.00 for one night.",2
4040, March 2018,ROW NYC,"ROW NYC is a decent, affordable, hip hotel in a great location! Staff I interacted with were friendly and willing to help. My single room was small compared to other hotels, but it wasn't TOO small! Safe held my over-sized laptop, which was a plus. Would stay here again.",4
4041, March 2018,5 Day Stay - Good Price for the location!,"I'll start by saying I was supposed to take this trip back in the summer of 2017 but had to cancel because of a death in the family the day before our trip was scheduled. Thankfully the staff understood and once they received a copy of the death certificate refunded my money fully without fuss. I decided to stay here when I replanned the trip for March 2018 and finally arrived. The hotel has a very young cosmopolitan feel, with acid jazz playing in the elevators and a bar with live bands in the lobby. We felt safe with the bouncer by the elevators and a nice staff. The rooms were a bit on the small side but very clean and it's a 5 minute walk to times square! I felt the price was great for the quality of service and I'll stay here again on my next trip to NYC",5
4042, February 2018,Girls Trip,"I was a guest at your hotel last month and just wanted to let you know that the staff that served the continental breakfast during our stay was very helpful, nice and courteous. The crew working on our first morning there were exceptional. They were: Jasmine, Juan, Jacob, Javier, Kelly and Beto. It is always nice to see a smiling face first thing in the morning. Susan H. Peoria Arizona",4
4043, March 2018,Modern hotel - unexpected chargers,"The Hotel it's self was very modern and nice, good location ,your staff however were very snappy and rude also hidden chargers are not on . With a few education lessons on customer relations and working chargers into original prices would make a judge difference",3
4044, March 2018,One Night,"We enjoyed our stay, close to all the Broadway shows, great restaurants and the time square shopping. NYC is one of the most fun and exciting cities in the world. We plan on returning for more Broadway shows and catch a Yankee game this summer.",4
4045, March 2018,row NYC,nice view but won’t come back. Did not feel safe. Homeless people in lobby. Also elevator system was terrible. A man was assaulted while we were there and we had shower problems. Best thing was view.!,2
4046, March 2018,Could have done better,"Based on cost and location we could have done better.Hotel service fee was too high for items we do not use & a discount card provided that was not accepted at their food court. Also, the food court had exterior access so anyone off the street could enter without going in through the hotel itself. Too much access to the outside and the front desk does not monitor the elevator which anyone could easily enter.",3
4047, February 2018,I have stayed in the ROW in February three years in a ROW!,"It is so easy to book and to check in, and out. The location is great and the hotel is efficiently run. I make a point of getting the continental breakfast, which has been served by the same people for all the years I have stayed at the ROW, so they must be happy with their job, and they get my day off to a good start.",4
4048, February 2018,Nice hotel,Nice clean hotel Great location Nice and helpful staff Que to check in 30 mins after a long flight only 2 staff! Rooms yes they are small but manageable we was 2 adults 2 teens with 2 double beds A little wait on lifts sometimes but nothing major it’s a big hotel there will be a wait at times. Would not pay to add breakfast not worth it.,5
4049, February 2018,Amazing experience thanks to Ms. Jastania.,The hotel front desk Ms. Jastania made us feel so special. I booked the room for 9 nights for my friends visited from Japan. I made reservation on line but I needed some request. So I visited the hotel front desk and she helped me for all my request. The hotel is one of the best location if you wanted to see Broadway show. Also there is many lines of Subway in a few blocks away so you are able to ride subway/bus with no confusion.,5
4050, September 2017,"It's all about the location here. Small rooms but neat, tidy and modern.","It's all about the location here. Small rooms but neat, tidy and modern. Great little food court downstairs to have breakfast to prep for a day exploring NYC. The rooms are small but spent very little time in it apart from sleeping. Great location extremely close to Times Square if you are after the tourist thing. We used the hotel for a business trip and a few extra days for a holiday.",4
4051, March 2018,Good for a quick overnight,"I booked on what I thought was there website but must have been booking.com. I booked a standard room with a queen bed. On check in the desk clerk said, Oh, I'm not going to give you that room, I'm giving you better. Better turned out to be a room with a double bed. We are not double bed size folks. It was late when I check in so I asked on check out. They said oh well, that's what booking.com changed it to. Buyer beware.",4
4052, February 2018,"Great location, tiny rooms",The hotel is in a great location near Broadway on 8th. Perfect if you are planing on going to some shows. There a lot of great restaurant options just steps from the entrance. My only issue is the room size. The basic room with a full size bed is almost too small for two people.,3
4053, April 2017,Unauthorized credit card charges/ rude staff,"They charged the room for higher than the price of the reservation online, stating that “it was a mistake and the room shouldn’t have been listed at that rate”. I can’t even believe that I had to explain to them that this is not the customers fault, and that I should not be charged higher than what was listed online. I tried calling the front desk from the room several times to question my bill, they wouldn’t even pick up. They also charged $70 for a car we never parked. They wouldn’t answer my emails. I called four times. It took THREE MONTHS to get a refund for the car I didn’t park there. I can’t even believe how awful this place is. My friend booked the room through a booking site, and put my name on the reservation as I would be the first one to arrive. She even called",1
4054, February 2018,"Location, location, location","Just got home from an 8 night stay here (it was 5 nights initially, but winter storm Riley lead to our flight being cancelled and hence the extra stay!). The rooms are basic but comfortable, staff are friendly and the location is second to none. You are literally in the heart of NYC a couple of minutes from Times Square. Our room had an amazing view over the central buildings in Times Square and for the price we paid I honestly couldn't believe it. When we needed to extend our stay staff were excellent and even managed to accommodate us in the same room so we didn't need to move our things. Tips : There's an amazing little pizza place directly over the road, Smiths bar across the street has fantastic burgers. Don't bother buying drinks from the street vendors as they'll try to",4
4055, March 2018,Great Money Value,Great Hotel - Outstanding location. Very clean amenities and close to the main locations in Manhattan. The staff are polite and very helpful. Definitely a place to come back on my next visit. The ROW has a very good service for an affordable prive.,5
4056, February 2018,Very nice hotel and overall experience,"It was our first time at Row, and although it´s a very large and busy hotel, we had and overall nice experience. Fast check in and check out, the room (a standard) wasn´t as small as similars (or as I was expecting), it was clean, had a nice vibe and a very friendly staff, and it´s worth mentioning names: specially Junior who welcomed us at check in and when realizing we were brazilians immediatly started to talk to us in portuguese and explained everything we needed to know and more. Was very helpfull and even was able to get us a late check out as our flight was only at 11 pm. We felt trully welcomed and would recomend this hotel to everybody, although I speak english my husband doesn´t and I imagine many other brazilian tourists don´t, and is very nice when you have someone",4
4057, August 2017,Lovely one night stay,"I stayed in this hotel on the last night of my visit to new york. Having stayed in a very mixed hostel, where I had my phone and tablet stolen, I wanted to finish off my time there on a high. This hotel certainly did that - in a perfect location with extremely helpful and accomodating staff. My room was a nice size and very clean. With the hotel being just by time square it made it the perfect location to explore new york and all there was to see. Could not be more happy with my stay here!",5
4058, March 2018,Best New York experience,"I absolutely loved this hotel from the moment I got off the airporter shuttle from jfk because it was in perfect walking distance in time square from where I was dropped off at port Authority. So the location was great but also walking inside was well decorated hotel and super friendly staff. Speaking of the staff, I had a hostess/ reservist name Shantelle and she was truly a pleasure. Not only was she super polite but extremely knowledgeable as well. Upgraded my room to one with a view and detailed everything about charges and services perfectly. Came out to solo to celebrate my birthday with friends who are locals to NY and to my surprise this hands down was the best trip I’ve ever taken. My room was very spacious and had a beautiful view of the New York City streets. My bed",5
4059, February 2018,Cheap...,"This place is cheap, you can't fault them on that. Although there is an additional tax of $30 per night for certain facilities. Otherwise, it's a good location and cheap price. The rooms are, well, what you pay for really. They were basic, our bath was weird though as a certain patch of it was spongey, in that it squished down when stepped on, I can't begin to understand why that might be.",3
4060, March 2018,Good Hotel and very professional staff,very professional staff and nice welcome. Cristina Torres provided an excellent assistance upon my arrival at the hotel. She is very client-oriented and very professional . The room was cleaned and the entire environment very secured .,4
4061, February 2018,Last minute City Break,"My partner and I booked this hotel last minute just days before we were due to fly out to JFK. On arrival to JFK we took the subway to 42nd street port authority bus terminal. This took us just outside the hotel. Upon arrival when we were checked in we were told if we found the room too noisy we could change rooms in the morning. We though it was an odd thing to say and went to our room none the wiser. When we got to our room on the 15th floor we soon realised we were directly behind the elevators which was extremely loud. We tried to change rooms that evening but the hotel was fully booked. They gave us complimentary drinks as a gesture of good will. In the morning we were able to change rooms and were put on the 17th floor (premium floor) where we had a much larger room, bed",4
4062, March 2018,Ok and busy,"Stay 3 nights the only thing which make very happy is walking distance for all theaters, time square and others. But wait for the elevators on rush hour is horrible! Staff are friendly. Pleas, put chairs on each floor this way we can wait for the elevators!!I was 26floor and run late all the time.",3
4063, December 2017,"Great Location, Average Hotel","My friend and I stayed at Row NYC just before Christmas for 6 nights. We were initially really excited as the hotel looked nice online and it photographed well, however, we left feeling pretty disappointed overall. Just before we flew to NYC, we checked our reservation and saw that the hotel were charging taxes on arrival (which I understand normal) as well as a fee for facilities/amenities. We were horrified to learn that we would be paying $180 as soon as we arrived, despite the fact that we had already pre-paid for our booking. The only facility we used that we were aware of was Wi-Fi and I have no idea what else we paid for. This is the first US hotel I have stayed at that does a separate charge for facilities on arrival. $180 is a lot of money to part with, especially for",3
4064, February 2018,30% hidden upcharges for non-existent “resort” fee,"In order to get you to select this hotel when comparing prices, they charge a $30/night resort fee at the location so that you think it’s cheaper than it is. There’s no resort. They said it’s for the gym and phone- but it’s required. There’s no rationale for this other than hoping you don’t see the fine print and buy the hotel on your app by mistake. The entire business model of this hotel is designed to get you to purchase and then be less than promised. Clearly they are seeking 1 time tourists onnly.",1
4065, February 2018,Excellent Staff,Cesar was excellent when we were checking in. He upgraded our room for us when we got there from a room with one bed to a room with two beds which was much more comfortable than it would have been. The room was a nice size and very clean. Will definitely be back in the future.,5
4066, March 2018,go somewhere else,"I was charged an extra $68.84 on my debit card by the hotel at checkout for ""facility fee"" after I had purchased the room online. That has never happened to me in many years of purchasing online hotel rooms. They were unreasonable about refunding this money when asked. Also the room is very small, and you can hear your next door neighbors very well late at night. The elevators are always full so we had a very hard time getting downstairs in the morning. Also there was hair on the furniture. I would definitely not go there again.",2
4067, March 2018,2 NITES @ THE ROW NYC,The Hotel was nicely located close to Broadway and Time SQ. Very helpful & friendly staff. Room wasn't as clean as I would have liked apron check in but made a call to house keeping and they addressed it right away.,4
4068, January 2018,Theater District Standby,"Stayed here on a Wyndham promotion, but reasonable prices can be found. Short walk to Times Square; plenty of restaurants/bars nearby. Lobby bar has breakfast items and an attached food court next door. Queeen room was decent sized but heat was a problem in spite of recent maintenace to the system. Needed to crack the window for sub-freezing air to cool down.",3
4069, February 2018,Never coming back,"I booked this hotel for four nights last February. At first I was impressed by the lobby decoration, and gave me the impression of a very nice hotel. Unfortunately that´s not the case. The room, like most in NYC, is not large enough for a family of three. The bed are too small to fit a couple. I stayed in a room facing 8th avenue, the noise goes on all night long, making it next too impossible to get a good night sleep. The heater makes all kinds of noise, and maintenance did nothing to repair it. The staff at the reception is extremelly rude, and won´t do much good if you need any assitance. To top all that, there´s a amennities fee that is charged for the use of the wi-fi. They charged me $137,00 plus taxes, which makes this probably ythe most expensive internet in the",2
4070, February 2018,holiday,excellent value for money helpful staff great location what more do you need views amazing you have to way up what you pay how much time you spend in your room as if your are a tourist as we were easy access to subway could see times square out of window,4
4071, April 2017,Christmas break,"We actually visited the Row hotel over Christmas 2016, the hotel is very nice and the rooms are kept well, don’t forget about city tax that has to be paid along with a service charge the hotel charges for telephone and internet usage, I think it was about $25 per day so it can add up to a lot extra above what you pay for the room, the hotel does not have its own restaurant, but there is a small food court in the lobby area that gets very busy at times, but prices are reasonable. The hotel is only a 2 minute walk to Times Square so this hotel is a great all round option, it’s well priced and convenient location make it a hotel I would stay at again.",4
4072, February 2018,Great Location-Excellent Facilites,"We visited for a weekend, from the UK & were generally very impressed with the hotel. The location is great, just a couple of minutes walk from the action of time square, and with plenty of decent bars & restaurants in the area. The lobby area has it's own food market & an excellent cocktail bar! Visit Smiths Bar, across the road, if you fancy something that feels genuinely New York. The rooms are quite small (we upgraded to the Superior but space was still pretty tight) but this is to be expected in a city hotel. That being said, they were well equipped, with a decent hot shower (always important to me when travelling) and we had a cracking view down 8th Avenue. The building is old, so they are some issues to be expected with a structure of this age. There were some",4
4073, March 2018,Nor’easter in Times Square,"The hotels rooms were tiny but clean. No amenities other than a tv. Had to ask for luggage rack. No coffee, no micro, nothing. Oh iron and hairdryer. Shampoo and conditioner but no lotion. Security alarms went off three times during stay. Quite annoying. Decor in hallways unusual. Employees were very nice",3
4074, January 2018,Well placed hotel for sightseeing,"This hotel is in a great location, close to Times Square and an easy start point for on foot, subway or bus travel. No complaints. Rooms are fairly basic but fine and the bed was comfy. No issue with the cleaning service except they forgot to leave bath towels one day. (Towels could be bigger and fluffier though!). Room only is probably best option, bar prices and food expensive and there are plenty of places around to get breakfast etc st a much better rate. Staff are helpful and friendly. 'Bouncers' by the lifts seems a bit odd but no doubt help keep non residents out of the building, protecting legitimate guests.",4
4075, March 2018,Room ok . Just not worth the price,Room- is ok (3/5) Location (4/5) Cleanisses(3/5) Comfort (3/5) New york is noisy .. always can hear siren and cat horn. Check in quite slow . Not worth the price paying for . Location is good . Staff also good,3
4076, February 2018,Excellent location,Could not get a better location for Times Square Central Park and broadway. Hotel was busy but ran smooth. Room was small and could do with updating but had everything you need. Would definatley stay there again no problem,4
4077, March 2018,another great theater hotel,Stayed again at The Row and you are right in the same block as all the latest Broadway plays. Rooms are simple and small but quiet and clean and the best thing is that the people that work at the hotel are very friendly. We needed a room change and Caesar who is one of the hotel associates was so helpful and accommodating that I really appreciated it. Nothing fancy but very enjoyable and their elevator system is the best!!,5
4078, February 2018,Can’t beat the location,"Spent three nights here. You can’t beat the location or price for staying in the theatre district. A word of warning though, the rooms are small, about the size of a college dorm room...but you don’t come here to stay in the room! Noisy and loud on Sunday night but overall reasonable. Room was basically clean (a bit less around the edges of the room) with good housekeeping services during our stay. We would consider staying here again because like I said, you can’t beat the location!",4
4079, January 2018,Great hotel in great location,"Before we went to NYC we read really mixed reviews on this hotel. But for us the rooms were clean(and cleaned everyday) not the most luxurious but it had everything we needed. The beds were comfy etc. The lobby etc in the hotel was gorgeous and they kept our bags when we checked out which was great (no charge) The location of this hotel was amazing, so close to everything. Would definitely stay here again.",5
4080, April 2017,ROW NYC,Great location. Round corner from Times Square. Hotel clean. Busy hotel!! Staff friendly enough. Only downside is checking in waited in a long queue. After travelling for 12 hours we had to wait for an hour and room Wasn’t ready till after 3pm. But I’d defo stay there again.,5
4081, March 2018,Amazing hotel,Zac took care of us at the front desk !He knew all the the hottest spots for my husband and I to hit for our first time in New York and gave us web pages for discounts the bar in the hotel had great music and drinks and we danced all night! We have been married 8 years best time we have ever had !,5
4082, February 2018,Douglas is the best!,"Douglas greeted us warmly and helped us with all questions. He is very professional and sympathetic. A big thank again to him. We got a very nice room with a view of the city. 😊 The room was relatively clean and, unlike reviews, it was not loud. The hotel has a great location.",4
4083, January 2018,Just the job for us,"Booking a 3 night stay in NY can be a bit daunting , where is a good place to stay . The Row for us was a great choice , short walk away from Times Sq and close to all the key tourist attractions. On arrival at Newark airport we got tickets on the Newark - New York shuttle bus , this stops about 5 min ealk from the hotel. The hotel is very busy but from our experience is well run , rooms are very small but are clean and comfortable. To be honest other than the room we didnt use any other hotel facilities so couldn't pass comment on those . I am sure you will plan your own time in NYC but if i can recommend one thing its the NY Pass . Awesome value and allows admission to so many attractions , the Big Bus is a great way to get about and see the city. Recommend Row NY 9/11",4
4084, February 2018,Lovely place,ideal location in times square small room but very comfy reception staff really helpful breakfast was lovely lovely place to stay right in hells kitchen area beers a bit expensive in b the hotel but i expected that for the area,4
4085, December 2017,Paying for location here....,"Walking distance to all the Broadway shows & Time Square that's the positive. Overpriced and the rooms are extremely dated. The service wasn't very good either, and the parking/valet situation was ridiculous. Unfortunately, the homeless problem flares it's ugly head right outside of the hotel. Disappointed, but made the most of it.",2
4086, February 2018,I will stay here again,"Well priced and very central to all attraction every thing is within 10 mins walking distance,shopping,tube.attractions.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.The staff we very helpful even at busy times.",5
4087, March 2018,Fabulous reception,"Thanks, Kathy! On a rainy cold and very windy day, we arrived at the hotel several hours before check-in time. We were greeted warmly by a Kathy, who found us an available room instantly and upgraded our reservation. A very welcome friendly face. And of course the room and the hotel are very comfortable - and short walking steps from all Broadway’s theaters.",5
4088, March 2018,First time to NYC,"Ok so where shall I start..... over all experience was pretty good as we were hardly in the hotel so was just really a place to sleep at night but I shall list all pros and cons of this hotel. Pros- 1. 2 min walk away from Times Square and literally next door to broadway! Excellent location. 2. Hotel room and bathroom was very clean and the hotel maids cleaned up daily and refreshed towels etc 3. Beds were comfy 4. Staff were helpful, helping with our bags on arrival 5. Security always checking you have room keys before letting you use the lifts to the rooms which is reassuring as very good security in hotel. 6. Very reasonable for the price. You get what you pay for basically. Cons- 1. The heating was switched onto full when we first entered our room and was literally",3
4089, February 2018,Good location but would not stay again,"Our 1st trip to New York feel somewhat let down by the hotel, at 1st sight the lobby and bar area are lovely but this is clearly where the money is spent as the rooms are tired. We changed our 1st room as it was TINY, dirty and the sliding bathroom door did not slide! Our 2nd room was a better size but very dusty and still the sliding doors on the bathroom do not allow for much privacy as do not fully close, in this room both the bedside lamps did not work but this was fixed when we called concierge at least. It would have been nice to have tea and coffee making facilities in the room as a side point too. When checking in we were presented with a bill for $134 for service charge?! This was the 1st we were told about this which may have been the fault of our booking agent but",2
4090, February 2018,Sauna room,"The convector in the room was broken and the room was like a sauna. One of the mattresses had given out and needed to be replaced. The floor manager checked both things and said they needed to be, and would be fixed and they were not fixed. The maids took away the wet towels but did not leave us new ones do we dried off the second day with hand towels. The front desk does not answer their phone so if you want anything or need info you must go and stand in line to speak to anyone.",2
4091, February 2018,Always a great time,We stayed at Row NYC again and were not disappointed. We were happy to see Junior again and knew our experience would be as great as always. Easy check in and breakfast was included with our reservation we made with a Facebook code. Only wish something other than coffee and tea were offered at breakfast since we don’t drink either one. Still a piece of fruit and a pastry were good. Minute walk from theaters and bus that comes from JFK for $19 a person. Talks about 20 minutes longer than cab but worth it if not in a hurry. If more than 2 people a cab is better choice based on $68 price tag. Gigi’s pizza place is a short walk near Columbus square by Central Park and offers tons of food including wraps etc. we got special of 2 slices pizza and can of soda for $5. Recommend Row NYC.,5
4092, February 2018,Retirement Vacation,Absolutely fabulous location. Hotel staff are all very pleasant. Hotel room not very upmarket but you are not really in your room very much. You really do not need to do the hop on hop off bus as you are in Times Square and the Theatre District. Metro is cheap & fast.,3
4093, February 2018,First Time Stay at Row,"We were in the city for a surprise 30th birthday party that I was hosting. I tried to see if they can arrange something to keep a small cake in the refrigerator for me. Was blatantly turned down, and not in a very nice way. i left a voicemail for a manager, did not hear back for days. Called back and after not having anyone at the concierge desk, I was transferred to the front desk staff. The staff member I spoke with was a woman who was extremely rude and arrogant. She was more frustrated than I was to have the situation on hand, and pretty much told me to just come in the day of the event and speak to whoever was there and see if they would feel pity and let me keep it somewhere. I called a competitor hotel where my guests were staying closer to Colombus Circle and they were",1
4094, February 2018,$32 per night non-waivable internet/phone fee.,$30 per night non-waivable fee for internet and phone. Rip-off. Extra $62 for two nights. Also there is an open gap between bathroom door and wall. Can hear everything in thr bathroom. Felt cheated by the hotel.,1
4095, February 2018,Great location but bad rooms,"Amazing location- next to times square, theatres and Subway. But the rooms were horrible. Felt and looked unclean and there was another smoking guests smokingsos the Funes were coming through the air vents and I didngd get a good night sleep. In addition they charge a so called facility fee for using their internet and phone. Honestly I rather take my money to the Westin hotel next time.",2
4096, February 2018,Great hotel amazing location,I read some reviews and was a bit apprehensive as to what we would turn up to But clearly people just like to moan This hotel is in a brilliant location 10-15 minutes in any direction to the nearest major attraction Hotel is busy regardless of time we ventured out at 330 in the morning and the reception and bar still had many people milling around good atmosphere and good vibe all round Many people who have written reviews on here complained about the lifts .... It was easy you just put the floor number in and it directs you to the lift for your floor ... Not complicated at all Rooms are quite small but that didn't bother us as it was just a base plenty of hot water in bathroom and extremely clean we stayed 3 nights and bedding &towels were changed twice in that time We,5
4097, February 2018,Liked the was the complementary soap.,"Location cannot be faulted, unfortunately no other positives. I appreciate when coming to NYC you don’t spend too much time in your hotel room, but from disengaged front desk staff to unhelpful concierge & feeling like cattle being herded when using the very, very, very slow lifts, it wasn’t a great experience.",1
4098, February 2018,"Great location. The rest?, I wouldn’t recommend it at all!","Poor personnel attitude toward passengers needs. Elevators not working most of the time and, when asking for a solution, the woman in charge of the emergency elevator was extremely impolite. Concierge wasn’t available to help me solving a major issue I had with the transfer company",2
4099, February 2018,Overall average stay,"Hotel location is great, Overall we found the hotel to be very average, our card was charged multiple times after checking in, none of these were explained at check in. Elevators slow and reception always crowded.",3
4100, February 2018,Pleasantly Surprised,"After reading previous reviews I was a little concerned about my arrival. Upon arrival check-in was quick, friendly & informative. I think Robert (?) served us! We were allocated a complimentary upgrade & complimentary drinks at the bar as we were visiting for my husband's surprise 40th birthday trip! It's a busy hotel, so a lot of people hanging around the lobby & others meeting up for drinks at the bar. There were no issues with the elevators - all 8 of them, simply key in your floor number & wait for allocated lift. The room was spacious enough, very clean & well serviced throughout our stay by housekeeping. There are water stations on every floor & the hotel provide collapsible drinking cups. The bed was so comfortable & rooms so cosy. If anything the bathroom was a little",5
4101, February 2018,Awesome Modern Hotel placed in the most convenient location.,"My husband and I arrived at the ROW NYC with a speedy check-in. The lady who served us was very pleasant. We was given a lovely room situated on the 22nd floor, giving a glimpse of times square which was lovely. This room was spacious and had everything we needed. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to see the broadway shows located just around the corner and shopping in times square. Most tourist attractions are within a reasonable distance from the hotel. Thankyou ROW NYC for providing us with a fab stay. We will come back in the near future.",5
4102, November 2017,"Is ""Death Row NYC"" too Dramatic?","For anyone looking to book this hotel be aware, whatever your booking site says about all your fees being paid, you will still be charged an extra $30 per night facilities fee as well as a $50 per night deposit on top of the room fee. The deposit is paid upfront at check in. After checkout the hotel keeps the facilities fee and return the difference to your bank account. We stayed 13 nights at Row NYC and it if weren't for the non-refundable price we locked in we would definitely have cut our stay way shorter. The first room we were given was super tiny and also hadn't been turned over with dirty sheets and cups of water left around the room. So we made the journey back down to the lobby via the elevators that try to pack 15+ people at a time into one elevator to swap our room",1
4103, February 2018,Excellent,"Great staff, nice rooms. We had a problem with the heater, and they resolverd really fast. Steps away from restaurants, bars, coffee bars and Times Square. Great location. Loved the bar area. My husband and our friends, all together had a great time here.",5
4104, February 2018,VERY NICE STAY,"Everything was great, the location, the bar, the staff. The rooms were nice sized, great view of the city. We requested a later check out time and the staff accommodated with no problems and they also let you keep your bags at the hotel after you check out to see more attractions if you like.",5
4105, February 2018,"Decent, but far from amazing","We stayed here for the weekend (2/16/18-2/18/18), mostly because for a two night stay, it was quite a bit cheaper than the Hilton Garden Inn we stayed at the previous year. Unfortunately, it wasn't quite up to par and I will probably stay elsewhere next time we come up for a show. While the hotel is centrally located to the theaters we were attending, as well as tons of food and drink options, and not too far from Penn Station, the same can be said for many other hotels in the area, so that's not necessarily anything special. Upon checking in, we were stopped by someone who appeared to be the concierge, who started by asking if we had any questions and if he could help us plan anything. Normal concierge behavior. When we did not, he started trying to convince us to spend",3
4106, February 2018,Excellent location and great service. The room was clean and the staff was very kind. I really recommend choosing Row.,The hotel was very clean and the location was excellent. The service was great and staff was very kind. I would come back next time in New York. The view was very good too. The places to eat and the bar at the hotel were excellent an convenient.,5
4107, February 2018,Terrible stay this past weekend,"AC did not work in room, engineer was not able to fix. Checkout experience was terrible, front-desk people did not have correct final amount in our bill, so almost missed our train back. Terrible experience.",1
4108, February 2018,Location!!!,My third stay at this hotel. Stayed on the 20th floor in s corner room and the view was fantastic!! Went to the hotel bar and had s great drink made for us and the bar tender gave us a great recommendation for supper! These rooms are not huge but are more than adequate for the price point. If I had to say anything negative it’s that the elevators were wonky on Sunday. I will keep returning to this hotel!,4
4109, February 2018,So impressed!,"Just had a wonderful experience with Row NYC. I had booked a AAA package that included parking, but when I went to get my car from the garage I was told that the validation I'd gotten only gave me a discount, so I owed $80, which I had to pay to get my car. Once I got home I called the hotel and was instantly given an email address to write to, had a response within a day and the $80 credited to my account that same day. Many (many) thanks to Eliane Matamoros in accounting for handling it all so graciously and efficiently. And the stay itself was wonderful - perfect location for seeing shows and getting on the subway and the attached food court made it so great during rainy days. Every staff member I encountered was friendly and helpful, the view from our room was wonderful and",5
4110, February 2018,Great location,"Great location, very close to times square, restaurants, shops and shows. Very friendly staff, rooms small but clean, exactly what you want for a short break away. Look forward to coming back in the future",5
4111, February 2018,Good location for exploring,Hotel is well situated just off times square. Nearby subway station makes most places of interest very accessible. Good nearby restaurants and bars. Best request a room higher up the building to avoid noise.,4
4112, February 2018,brilliant visit again!,"this was my second time staying here and it was brilliant!check in was quick and easy. Douglas checked us in,he was very friendly and welcoming and gave us a room on the 14th floor which had a great view down to times square!the room was cleaned everyday and towels were changed as we needed them!its a great location and times square is just down the road!wifi is excellent..connects as soon as your in the hotel and you dont have to constantly sign in!would 100% recommend this hotel!",5
4113, February 2018,Wonderful location and staff!,"First time staying at the Row and I was thoroughly impressed with the staff both at check in and with bell services. Douglas at the front desk was very helpful and accommodating with securing me a slightly later check out time. James from bell services was extremely polite and was still more than willing to help me carry my luggage upstairs even though I didn’t have any US cash on me to tip with for his efforts. While the room itself was on the slightly small side (most rooms in New York are, that’s just what to expect!) everything was super clean and comfortable Very good central location and close to an array of shops, entertainment and food options, including Times Square and the theatre district Amazing first stay at this hotel and will definitely recommend! The only",5
4114, February 2018,Such a delight,"I have stayed at many hotels in NYC as I travel here often, never ever have I been treated so well when entering a hotel. The door man had a huge smile on his face when I entered and got me up and on my way to the lobby where I was greeted by Douglas! Douglas was such a delight and helped me check into my room! He made sure I had everything I needed and more. I’m so excited about my stay here:) what a beautiful hotel and friendly atmosphere.",5
4115, February 2018,Convenient location - close to ALL,"I always enjoy staying at the Row nyc whenever I get the opportunity to stay over in Manhattan. The guest rooms are small, but they are all very nicely decorated with vivid graphics and colors. The hotel the staff is always very pleasant and helpful, whether it's checking you in or supplying extra towels. For the price you cannot beat the location of the hotel, it is convenient to EVERYTHING you could want to see in NYC!",5
4116, February 2018,Good hotel in excellent location.,"The hotel was good and was modern. It had a self service style check in and check out so contact with staff was minimal. The location of the hotel is perfect as you are close enough to Times Square without being affected by the noise etc, very near to sub way stations and the port authority bus terminal. This we found handy as we managed to catch a subway and the air train when returning to JFK for less than $8 each. Rooms in the hotel were clean and maids visited daily. The standard room was ideal for my friend and I, however if you were travelling for a longer period of time you may require more storage. Although the hotel always appeared to be busy, there were no issues with getting an elevator as the high tech system required you to select floor number and it directed you to",4
4117, February 2018,"OK, good location.","I am an ex hotel manager so I know what to look for but in truth an old fairly large hotel, conveniently situated. Rather tired looking in various places and clearly well sold to large groups of young people who frequently clog up the rather small public areas. Room ok, somewhat hot and ours overlooking avenue through rather grubby windows. Beds comfortable, room and bathroom clean and good size, friendly maid who was very helpful after my son had a nose bleed In changing bedding. Big miss in room was no drink making facility. I frequented shop over Road more times than I can remember keeping my good lady serviced with Tea. Lifts adequate / hot water just about, evidence of security check of room key and corridor deep cleaning. Extra charge per night per room of 30+USD",3
4118, February 2018,Great location but...,"If you're looking for a great location, minimal accommodations, and a decently priced hotel - this is it. The location was perfect for me and my friend's 3 day, 2 night stay in NYC. We saw Anastasia on Broadway which was literally right around the corner, as well as any Times Square areas we wanted to see. The hotel, however, had originally said we were paying $90 a night (which turned into $140 per night). I believe that all fees should be given up front, which was not done. Apparently you get discounts with other vendors for staying at the Row, but we were not told this. The rooms are very tiny and there is not a lot of sound proofing between rooms, so if you are a light sleeper - this is NOT the place for you. Also, the hotel elevator situation is an absolute NIGHTMARE. You",3
4119, February 2018,Excellent location,Great price if you consider the location. Breakfast options very limitated and also you have to pay an extra fee for having it included. No minifridge or coffee machine at the room wich usually it is something very normal at this pricepoint.,4
4120, February 2018,"Lovely hotel, Clean and great location.","A superbly located hotel a stones throw from Times Square and the Theatre district. Having read so many reviews I wasn't sure what to expect as so many positive and negative ones. I must say I cannot fault the hotel. Yes the rooms maybe are a bit dated but in general our room was clean, comfortable and was kept the same every day of our stay. There were no issues at all with checking in... the concierge were great, The front door men were wonderful too. Amazing location and would definitely stay there again.... !!",4
4121, February 2018,Trip of a lifetime!!!,Everything about this trip was amazing! Location of this hotel was perfect. Rooms were small but clean and all you need for this type of trip. Staff were great and we had a pleasant experience overall. We will definitely be back to Row NYC in the future!!,5
4122, February 2018,Great location,"Perfect for visiting 3-5 days New York. The hotel is located at 8th Avenue, corner with 44th street. Decent price (quality / price) and many emblematic places around to sightseeing. One Subway stop placed just in front of the hotel.",4
4123, February 2018,Beware the hidden 'facilities fee',"Pros : Nice and close to Times Square, theatres & subway stations. Toiletries, hairdryer and air con. Lots of reasonably prices delis for cheap breakfasts. Cons : Our double room was pretty cramped, very noisy, dirty, quite tatty (in need of a good clean and a lick of paint). When we checked in we were told that when we checked out we would need to pay 'city tax'. I've paid this in hotels all over the world so wasn't unduly concerned. On the last morning I awoke to find a bill pushed under the door telling me there was no need to check out as $176 had been charged to my credit card. I wasn't happy about this as I thought I'd paid for everything in advance. Turns out this is for : the internet, phone calls, use of the gym, use of a disposable water bottle and the ROW discount",2
4124, February 2018,Honeymoon adventure,We arrived at 9pm after spending s days traveling from Darwin. The customer service was fantastic with Douglas upgrading our room and giving us free drinks on arrival when our room wasn’t ready straight away.,5
4125, February 2018,great location and nice staff,"The location of this hotel was just perfect. We saw a show literally just round the corner! The rooms are a little on the small side, buy hey I am on holiday and don't intend to spend all day in an hotel room!. The room was lovely and clean, with fresh towels and linen everyday. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again. Oh and loved the free international phone calls. Was able to keep in touch with my elderly mother. Never had this facility before - well done Row NYC",4
4126, February 2018,Best hotel ever!,This hotel is perfectly located and has very good customer service! They do everything they can to satisfy their customers. A special thanks to Junior at the reception for making our stay a fantastic experience. He is very polite and helpful!,5
4127, February 2018,Wasn't what I expected....,"When I arrived to the Hotel, it was like a madhouse of guests either checking in or out, I don't know which. Teenagers all over lobby floor re-organizing their suitcases, so it was a mess. Got to desk, to check in, and they said they would see if I could check in before 4 pm. The room I ordered wasn't available, so they had to give me alternate room with 2 beds instead of 1. Got to room, and saw the carpet was old and dingy. Black and grey. Filthy. The room looked old and tired. Not inviting in the least. I was almost afraid to take my shoes off because I wasn't sure if floor had bugs. The beds were made up, but what was supposed to be white sheets and linens were kind of ""off white"" instead. Not sure who does their washing, but they need a new company. The Decor was old",2
4128, February 2018,Can’t fault this hotel at all,We booked and had seen some reviews which was worrying but we had a lovely time at this hotel which was very central to everything. We got an upgrade to a room with a view because we emailed as a special occasion. The rooms are small but this is New York so that’s not an issue especially when you’re out most of the time and your feet hurt from walking you need less steps to get to the bathroom. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. Reception was wonderful and had no issues at all.,5
4129, February 2018,.,"We are currently staying here for the week, will be leaving here tomorrow, the food is lovely and also the staff, the cleaners come everyday and re do the whole room daily (even strips the bed sheets). We are in the middle of everything, very central! My partner has been using the gym downstairs when we have free time, would definitely come here again. Only annoying thing is that the tour guide people stand outside the hotel but thats probably everywhere else anyway. Room was a bit smaller than expected but lovely when you get used to it!",4
4130, February 2018,Great location. Excellent customer service.,"The reception staff at check in were warm and friendly. The initial room we were staying in was quite small for two people but the room itself was clean and the bed was wonderful after 30 hours of travelling. As they could not upgrade at at check in, the next day we asked for an upgrade and we were moved to a much more spacious room with a beautiful city view - which I loved. For this we did pay an extra fee and we had to store our luggage on the 2nd floor and come back at 4pm to check back in. This gave us plenty of time to explore the city. The location is fantastic, so many great places are just a short walk away, it’s also easy to hail a taxi or get an Uber. The lounge in the hotel is nice and the bar staff were helpful with drink choices as well as chatting to us and",4
4131, February 2018,Good apart from noisy ventilation fan,Good apart from noisy fan at rear of hotel which kept us awake. Comfy beds and room tidy and clean. Decor a little worn and in need of a refresh. Great location by Times Square so well positioned for sightseeing.,3
4132, February 2018,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in.,I don’t even know where to start... this is by far the worst hotel I have stayed in. The rooms are so small and dirty. The sheets alone were all stained and yellow with small pubic hairs all over them and in the bathroom. The lifts are a complete nightmare and take forever. The noises from the compressor is unbearable and leads to sleepless nights. I wouldn’t even bother trying to phone down to reception because nobody bothers to answer the phone but all of the above aside the worst part of it all is customer service. The service is disgusting and shocking nobody even cares and are clearly just here for a pay check. All in all I would highly recommend staying away from this hotel as it’s a disgrace.,1
4133, February 2018,It was ok,"We had a 3 night stay at row nyc, checking in was easy the man at the desk was lovely (I just can’t remember his name) it was very loud n busy, we got upgraded to a city view room, which was nice got some good pics, room was small but it didn’t bother us. So the first night we was knackered I had a 6 n 14 year old with us, and about 12:30 am we heard a hotel worker open our door and try and walk in and tell us we had to check out, thank god we had the lock on, my husband told him to go away then half hour later a women came and did the same thing, it did freak me out that anyone can just walk in to your room, we told the lady at reception and she couldn’t believe what had happened, in good jester she let us off with the bill of the $86 at the end of the trip, good location for",3
4134, February 2018,First you must know yourself then you can know the Row NYC Hotel,"This Hotel is an enigma: you must know what you want. This Hotel is location, location, location. The rooms are just fine as everything in NYC every bit of space is utilized. Rooms are conservative in space. if you get here and want to be petted and fawned over yah good luck with that. but if you are looking for a Hotel to stage out of, to experience NYC, to the fullest this is your hotel. The Hotel does a large business and the volumes of people surge at time with no predictability, we got there about 1:30 pm walked right up and registered, but we are good like that. The desk staff was polite and direct to the point. their ads claim they will charge a usage fee and they charge a usage fee, surprise. they do not give out rooms until 4:00 pm EST but will store your luggage for",5
4135, February 2018,Pleasant stay!,"Very pleasant stay! The staff was really friendly! Special compliment to Junior, he was very helpful and kind with our checkout! The room wasn’t really big, but it was good for NYC, renovated and clean. The only complaint is regarding the elevators, the wait was really long and it was always crowded. Definitely recommend the Row. Great location and I would definitely stay here again!",4
4136, February 2018,"So tiny, so basic,but central","Tiniest room ever. Not even a soap holder in the shower (not enough room for one). No coffee or tea making facilities in the room. The safe either doesn’t work or the instructions are incomplete. Checkin is slow with a long queue every afternoon. Hardly enough room on the floor for a suitcase. No water provided in the room, no glasses provided in the room, instead a plastic takeaway cup that doesn’t even fit under the tap in bathroom. No room service, no in-house movies, wifi signal is too weak for in-house channels. Feels more like an upmarket backpackers. Location is excellent for Broadway, Times Square and Hell’s Kitchen.",3
4137, February 2018,Great stay,"The room and staff were great but 17th floor and street noise was bad. The location was great clise convention center and Times square, Broadway and great restuarants. If you go make sure you are above noise level probably above 20th floor ask them.I am a lite sleeper and i could hear the cars and people talking.",4
4138, February 2018,Vacation in NY,"Nice place to stay and not a far walk from restaurants, subway and attractions. Hotel should have coffee ready in lobby for clients by 6 am. Nice to see that this hotel is utilized as a shelter for moms with kids",5
4139, February 2018,Great location good hotel,"Me my wife and our 6 year old daughter have just spent 4 nights at the Row with another couple and there daughter. It has been a good experience. The pros of the hotel were a great location with Times Square within a two minute walk. A quick and helpful check in service with the lady moving us, so that both parties hotel room close to each other . The rooms were tidy and the city kitchen had good food and a good choice ( the doughnuts are a must ) The cons where the most expensive resort fee which made the wi fi the most expensive service ever at £30 per day The non existent collapsible water bottles, which are meant to be part of the resort fee . Extremely thin walls, you expect noise in the big apple but you don’t expect to be hearing your next door neighbours every word",3
4140, February 2018,February NYC trip,Great experience! Very comfortable beds. Small rooms but perfect because no need to stay in your room when you are in NYC! Felt safe in the ROW the entire time. Employes were extremely helpful. Convienent location.,4
4141, February 2018,Good experience with hotel-great experience with customer service,"1. The hotel is in a great location. 2. The rooms have been clean in my several experiences staying here. 3. The staff are usually very helpful. I give the hotel a 3 rating, but when I factor in Gezennia’s help at the front desk, the hotel gets a 4 rating. She was professional, personable, and helpful. I give Gezennia a 9 rating for her customer service experience. I very much appreciate her help during my last stay.",4
4142, August 2017,Good if you just want basic....,"Had a good time in NY with family was a little disappointed with the hotel as when we got there we had to pay so much per room. Rooms are basic with beds, tv, dresser and bathroom. Saving grace was it wasn't dirty and plenty of places to dine out and everything was very central to where we was. Including Time Sq, Empire State, Central Park and Madison Square Gardens. Loads of other attractions too, overall very good holiday but little disappointed with hotel facilities...",3
4143, November 2017,New York experience,"It was a really good time spent in Row! in the heart of Manhattan, close to Time square. Great service and good staff to welcome you. Nice accomodation, with a security checking everyone before going inside. Great experience",5
4144, February 2018,"Location, location, location!","Genuinely think you could not get a more central location for the price of this hotel if you tried!! Our room was on the 20th floor and the window looked directly up 44th street on to 7th Avenue where we could see the hustle and bustle of Times Square. The hotel itself is on 8th Avenue between 44th and 45th street, it was so central to everything and pretty much walking distance to everything there is to see mid-town. We walked to Empire State, Rockefeller, Intrepid, St Patricks Cathedral, Central Park, Madison Square Garden, Central Station, Macy's... the list goes on! All of the hop on/off buses have stops right beside the hotel also if you want to travel Downtown. The room itself was tiny but that is expected in NYC; the bed was comfy and it had the amenities required for",5
4145, February 2018,Location and Price,"Nice rooms. Only issue I had was the pillows. They were very uncomfortable and flat. Overall experience was great. Location is very central, rooms are small, but it’s sufficient if you use it just to sleep.",4
4146, February 2018,Its not a 5 stars place like booking says.,"Long check in, loud heating machines, sleepless night, rough customer service, this is my first time I made a complaint in any kind of guests houses. My experience was that I don’t want to go there any more",1
4147, February 2018,Great HOTEL,"Fantastic location, so convenient. Clean comfortable rooms! Had no issues other than a slow wifi. everything else was great. easy in and out, plenty of restaurants nearby and great price for the room.",5
4148, February 2018,"Great location, just that.","One day they did not clean the room, the next they did not put the towels in the bathroom and in the other they only wanted to change the bathroom towels. Very expensive eating or drinking in the hotel.",3
4149, February 2018,Lovely hotel with a magnificant location,"Very kind and helpful staff. Nice rooms not to big, but good enough. Lovely soft bed, good wifi and the best of it all. It is at a magnificant location, right at te middle of all the must sees. Would definitly visit again",4
4150, February 2018,Great location.,"We had a wonderful week in New York and “Row NYC” was part of it. Our room locate at the fortheen floor were clean with view over the city. Great location, close to “Time Square” and the theater district.",5
4151, February 2018,ROW all wrong,"I don't usually give negative reviews but... We had prepaid for 3 nights through Booking.com. When we arrived we were informed that we had a balance of $90 due. For what we asked. Ready? A ""Facilities Fee"" they charged us for reserving through Bookings.com. Ah, what does this fee include. Wifi, ,(as listed in hotel amenities.) Phone priviledges. Really? my cell works fine. A fitness center.(as listed in hotel facilities) Use of their ""business lounge"" Last but not least; We received a collapsible water bottle for their filtered water! I can go on but to be honest it's draining. Lay your head elsewhere.",2
4152, February 2018,Extremely Loud and Average,"Small rooms, thin walls, extremely loud. Room could of been cleaner. The furniture is high gloss and shows wear and tear easily. Most of the staff was rude except for one gentleman at the check in desk.",2
4153, February 2018,Nice hotel with excelent location,"Excellent location, very close to Times Square and the Broadway. Nice hotel with some rooms with a nice city view, It is a question of preference: better view or larger room space. Very good internet connection in the rooms. Continental breakfast short for a Continental classification. Hotel lobby large but always very bustling.",4
4154, February 2018,3 star hotel with a 5 star location,"Arrived for a 5 night stay from Ireland.. check in was fast and staff I encountered were pleasant the elevator system was easy to use. The room was clean two double beds which were comfortable.. the noise from the elevator was noisy to bearable. The room itself was ok could do with a revamp, chips out the woodwork and not a lot of storage space. The location is fantastic and I had food in the city kitchen a few times which was lovely.",3
4155, February 2018,A must stay in NY,Really enjoyed this location. Right off 42 street. Near all the great shows. The hotel has a great bar. Food court. Fun decorations. Friendly staff. Places to eat all around you. Quick walk to everything.,5
4156, December 2017,Tourist/ travel,"Mabuhay here in Philippines, we were guest last December 24-25'17 to spent our christmas eve for the 1st time in New york and our experienced were so fabulous and great tonstay because of modernized concept of their rooms, because as i observed some of the hotels we stayed in new york were quite old-fashioned and traditional but in ROW NYC HOTEL was advanced in terms of checking-in and out process, their elevators were secured and most especially in handling an unexpected cases that i encounter during we were in new york... due to busy and hectic iteniraries and plans during holidays i accidentally click a wrong options in the ""APPS"" for an online hotel booking and I lost my reservation instead of just upgrading our room and because of country barrier as a foreigner, its really",5
4157, January 2018,My new favorite hotel (and bar!),"I stayed at Row NYC back in January and I still find myself talking about it and suggesting it to friends and family. The location was fantastic. Everything I needed (pizza, shopping, a broadway show, a drugstore, a dance class, a wine bar, etc) was within a couple blocks of the hotel. Our room was perfect. I loved the safety of knowing everyone had to have a room key to get to the elevators/rooms. My favorite part by far was the bar/lounge area though. The atmosphere was great and the bartender Jose made the BEST food and drinks suggestions. EXCELLENT customer service. He was friendly and super attentive, and always greeted me with a smile. Definitely make sure to have one of his Moscow Mules!",5
4158, February 2018,Great,"Robert was so nice to us! Thanks for your advice for the rooms & views, we had a TOP service! We had already booked a room and I asked Robert, what he thinks about the view. The showed to me a better room with a better view and I was so happy with that choice, thank you Robert! People like that are fabulous:)",5
4159, February 2018,"Good location & Hotel, but with hidden unreasonable costs","I stayed at the Row NYC in Febraury 2018. The Hotel itself seems modern and the location is perfect. Nevertheless there are some minor issues that the hotel provides to its guests. The cleanliness is not the best and the facility itself is not in the best condition (Door didn't shut completly, not working power plugs and the room being either too hot or cold as the AC wasn't working properly). Considering these issues it is unreasonable that the facility fee is so overpriced ($34 per night?). During the booking process I was already wondering what the reason could be, that this hotel has much lower prices considering other hotels in this area, well now I know why. I wouldn't book with this hotel again as I feel quite ripped off.",1
4160, February 2018,Pros & Cons,"Mixed feelings about Row NYC Pros Location is fab. Minutes from Times Square and Hell’s Kitchen for eats and comfortable distance from Rockefeller, Madison square gardens and Bryant Park. Price was good but do be aware of taxes and fees added in all NYC hotels. Room was cleaned and fresh towels provided everyday and the concierge was helpful the few times we needed advice. Cons The room was awful. Old and run down and tiny. The bed was smaller than a standard double and walls are very thin. We woke up every night from the sound of the elevators going up and down. The additional facility fee of £20 each night is robbery. There are few facilities to avail of. We went to get water from the fountains on our first night and it was cloudy and undrinkable. So a very mixed bag. We",3
4161, February 2018,"Very good location, small room, not so clean.",Location is very good. Room is very very small. Needed to be better cleaned. Nice bed. Check in could be better. Parking took time. Loud no matter where you were in the hotel. Heating unit was loud. Larger towels.,3
4162, February 2018,2 night stay,"2 night stay before going to Vegas and Miami. Check in was quick, Douglas who checked us in was very helpful and friendly, large room, clean and comfy bed, air con is noisy though. Location is brilliant, would definitely stay here again.",4
4163, February 2018,Loved it,"Amazing hotel! Great location, staff super nice and helpful. Douglas checked us in he was very accommodating and kind. The hotel is very clean and well kept. Overall get hotel can't wait to come back!",5
4164, January 2018,Great location!!,"Can't beat this hotel. 2 blocks away from Penn station, right in the middle of the theatre district. We went to see ""Beautiful, the musical"" matinee and an evening show of ""Hello Dolly"" with Bette Midler. The hotel is literally a few minutes from both theatres. We got a lovely view with our room. Basic hotel room, nothing fancy. Just right for our needs. Planning to stay here again.",4
4165, February 2018,Worst hotel ever.,"Let’s start with the rooms. VERY dirty and small. I got crammed into a corner room, which looked like it was even finished. Let’s move onto customer service. Honestly I’d getter better customer service at my local mcondalds. First hotel I’ve been to, where no one answers the front desk or concierge line. I think I tried calling about 30-40 times. I honestly don’t know how you guys consider yourself a hotel. I recommend no one ever stay here.",1
4166, February 2018,Dreadful place,As soon as I see the foyer I knew not to expect much. I am here with my daughter on her 21st Birthday and had fortunately been staying at the Double Tree Hilton. However we decided to stay an extra night in New York and chose this place. Location is good but trust me I would rather stay on the moon than here. We arrived from other hotel with part of our luggage quite early and was told by reception to see some fella who would sort out our luggage. We explained that we would be returning with more luggage whereupon he asked for money for him to take care of it. Believe me I don't mind tipping but I found it a liberty to be asked. Further check in is late 4pm but moving onto room less time in a box is better. A double room 4 two people lucky we are not on the large size as we,1
4167, February 2018,Awesome experience,Row is my favorite hotel for a great stay in Manhattan. The location is awesome and the bedrooms are well cleaned and organized. The staff is also friendly - specially Junior. He speaks portuguese and always helps me and my family!,5
4168, February 2018,Romantic few days,Got this on a cheap few days deal. First impression it is a big hotel located next to times square and near to all the central attractions The hotel is going through a small refit but this didnt cause any problems.No problems with booking either in or out. The lifts worked well and were easy to understand.The room was a decent size with basic and plain fittings.Clean and tidy with red hot showers. The only neg points were an uncomftable bed and the outside noise the 2nd you get used to but woke up every 2hrs due to the bed and soft pillows. In all a fantastic location for the price would stay again.,4
4169, February 2018,"Noisy, chaotic, disappointing.","We stayed in this hotel for five nights on a package deal through our local travel agent. The hotel is well located and within minutes walking distance from Times Square and many other Midtown attractions. There are plenty of nearby restaurants, diners and bars to enjoy. It is also a short walk to several metro station Upon arrival the reception staff were little more than polite, but there was no warm welcome and I left the check in feeling we were more of an inconvenience than welcome paying guests. Our room was no more than adequate but the hotel was overall a disappointment. The hotel appears to have undergone renovations that are more of a ‘paper over the cracks’ than full refurbishment. The website photos do more justice than the reality reveals! We arrived as a family",2
4170, February 2018,Basic hotel in good location,"Dont expect too much from this Hotel.The location is close to Times square in the heart of the city.It is a functional hotel,rooms are average.We had a double room in need of a bit of tlc but ok.There is limited eating facilities on site and was incredibly busy for our 4 night stay.",3
4171, February 2018,Worst stay yet,"The location is the only good thing about this place...Room was small , dirty and overpriced I would never stay here again it's certainly not value for money ,we were given an upgrade and all I can say if that's one of their better rooms I would hate to see the other ones.",2
4172, April 2017,Perfect location ROW NYC,"Spent a week at the ROW , nearly 2 years a go, while very basic rooms the location is perfectly situated to see all the main attractions that NYC has to offer. The eateries an computer/ printing facilities the hotel has in offer are certainly very handy. If comparing the quality of rooms to the price you pay to most other cities, well you’d say your over paying, however this is New York so I think considering the location it’s good value and I’m happy enough to be staying there again later this year 🐯",3
4173, February 2018,Brilliant,"I find it hard to believe that people didn’t enjoy their stay here. We speak as we find. Check in was quick, no queues for us!! We found the reception staff very polite, friendly and helpful, there was a problem with one of our rooms this was sorted the next day and wow did they sort it.. swapped for a room with a city and Hudson River view! Awesome We ate breakfast here every day either in the bar area or in city kitchen we thought the prices were quite reasonable considering the fact that this is New York! Thank you for an incredible stay!",5
4174, February 2018,First time in New York,"We have just arrived back from Row NYC. The hotel served it's purpose as a comfy place to put our head in between busy days out exploring. The hotel is in the perfect location for exploring - everything is on its doorstep and we found it really easy to find our way around the city using this as the base. The room was ok. I was expecting it to be tiny based on other reviews so was pleasantly surprised. It was cosy and big enough to get ready in and walk around. We didn't have a bath (not sure if that's the same for all rooms) but that was ok. And there wasn't a kettle for a cup of tea (British request! Lol) however, the drinking water out the cooler was lovely and a nice touch to have this unlimited. My only real criticism of this hotel was the deposit. We had read about the",4
4175, February 2018,"Excellent location , average hotel","This hotel is in an excellent, central position. The hotel was very busy therefore there was quite a wait to check in and for the elevators. The extra charges were quite high on top of the hotel rate. The rooms were ok, a little on the small side but that's to be expected. I found them a little basic. The maid came in the room both mornings at 7.15, which was a little early.",3
4176, February 2018,Unclean,"The bathroom was not cleaned and that was disgusting. It took a long time to check in, at least 20 minutes just for waiting. I wouldn’t recommend staying here as a couple at least, then there’s tons of other places to stay.",2
4177, February 2018,Awful,"I unfortunately cannot compliment this hotel at all. We arrived Tuesday morning. Tried to check in & had a rude woman deal with it, she told us that we had to pay a security deposit which is fine even though we had no knowledge of this but then to be told they were going to keep the money after for services we didn’t need to use ( calls outside of NY even though I had already paid my phone bill to fit this in for me, a fitness centre on the 3rd floor, WiFi which glitched so wasn’t used, water bottles which you could fill on other floors of the hotel that didn’t help, and other services which we never even needed). I asked the lady politely if we had to pay for those services as we knew we wouldn’t need to use them & I got back a mouthful of attitude on the fact that she didn’t",1
4178, February 2018,Great location good hotel,Stayed here for 4 nights this February with 3 other people in one room with 2 double beds. Room has everything needed and isn't too small but definitely could do with a bit of updating in the decorating as it was rather worn. We were on floor 11 and had a view which was ok nice not to be just looking at a wall. The lift system is a bit tricky to get your head around to start with but once you realise the concept is a lot easier than stopping at all the floors so good idea shame the lifts are so small. Hotel staff very accommodating they found us a kettle for the room when we asked and the room was cleaned well everyday with fresh towels and clean floors. The lobby was really busy all the time but there was a bar and shop in the hotel so this is too be expected and you,4
4179, February 2018,The best hotel in NYC,"It is well located, the bedroom is realy confortable and I loved the experience of being in the Row. There are nice restaurants around the hotel, and it's pretty close of the Times Square and Broadway.",5
4180, February 2018,Absolutely disgusting hotel,"I stayed here last night as a late Valentine’s Day celebration. This is dirtiest hotel I’ve ever stayed at. (Refer to pictures below) Second, their service is probably the worst I’ve ever experienced. Front desk and concierge desk do not pick up the phone. EVER. I think I called them at least 50 times. In the end this is the worst hotel I’ve stayed in and would not recommend anyone stay here.",1
4181, February 2018,"Clean, convenient and hits the spot.","It is easy to slate hotels for minor issues but I like to say I am consistent across my reviews. So what about the ROW then. I have to say I really liked the hotel. We arrived on a Saturday night and it was absolutely belting down with rain. We got the Newark express bus and it left us at port authority. As it was raining we were flustered and ended up going downtown to 41st before we turned around and found the row. Literally get off the bus turn left and go up two streets. Check in was a breeze, the hotel staff member was dealing with “complaining guests” and he was delighted when we gave him a box of celebrations for the staff. He then said he would get us an upgrade. He got us a city view room away from the lifts. Where we totally blown away with the room- No, was it",5
4182, February 2018,great,"Awesome, the wait for elevators were ridiculous in the morning afternoon hours. The rooms were extremely cold with no instructions on how to use the thermostat.the rooms were clean and cozy. Nice location in the heart of time square and the prices were extremely affordable.",5
4183, February 2018,Great location,"Great place to stay when visiting New York!! Everything walking distance and hotel basically on the door of time square Rooms are basic and quite small but was ok for us as we only slept here and were out all day and night. WiFi is great here Bar not great v pricey $10 for a beer in a plastic cup!! DO NOT get stung when checking in by lads beside reception - offering free breakfast, bus rides.. it’s a con to get you to a time share meeting and can cost you $40 dollars",3
4184, November 2017,Good hotel,"Row hotel attended my expectations. Despite of a small room, they are placed just one block from Time Square and and close to lots of good restaurants. If we return to New York, we will probably stay there again.",4
4185, February 2018,Good Location- Ideal for just a place for sleeping,"Check in speedy - held £200 on card & you need to play $172 for taxes, WiFi etc. Staff- not many staff about- the ones that were looked awfully grumpy. The maids were lovely & also the kind man on the door. Man on check out (looked like a manager) didn’t seem bothered- not so much as a goodbye or thank you. Hotel- we came in fashion week apparently- nice bar area cornered off most of the time for fashion shows etc. Experienced some rude ‘models’ that though they could do as the wish. Location- can’t beat it! Close to everything you need. Rooms- decent view, heating we couldn’t turn off, dirty bathrooms & a sliding door with no privacy. Would definitely stay again but only due to location.",3
4186, February 2018,Row NYC Hotel Worst Ever!,First of all when I got there to check in I must have waited 25 minutes to be taken care of even though nobody else was being checked in. I was supposed to have a deluxe room with a city view and it was more like a standard room with a view of an empty lot and parking lot next to that. The bed was so uncomfortable by the second day my back was stiff and could not even bend over to tie my shoes. I wanted to leave my bags since my flight was later that afternoon and I got the run around of where to leave them. When I went to pick up my bags instead of taking the regular elevator to the 2nd floor I had to take the service elevator and still wait to get my bags since no one was there to attend to the people. The worst stay I have ever experienced at a hotel!,1
4187, February 2018,"Sorry, never going to book here again","I stayed with The Row in 2015 and had a fairly pleasant stay and so back in Sept 2017 I booked another stay for 4 nights this month (Feb 2018). I have been receiving regular email communications from the hotel re: things like adding rewards and upgrades, which we decided to opt for if they were available. At 9am on the morning of the first day of our stay, I got a notification from Amex that the hotel charged a pre-authorization amount to my credit card, which was expected. I received another email from them at 3:30pm about checking-in online. I tried to check-in online while we were at the Toronto airport a few hours later, but received an error. Our flight from Toronto to NYC was delayed, and so about 10 minutes before boarding our flight (around 8pm) I thought it might be",1
4188, February 2018,Five minutes wasted,We lasted five minutes in this dump and that was five minutes too much as we could have been out in this amazing city. We checked straight back out and found another hotel to stay in (Distrikt) I advise you to do the same! Room allocated was scruffy and dated with what looked like beer/pop sprayed up the door and walls. We had left a swipe of a card at check in and the hotel have charged this for use of facilities. We only used the lift up and then back down! The hotel had a “unique” smell and could really be described as a youth hostel. Reception staff had a couldn’t care less attitude! They must be used to the complaints.,1
4189, February 2018,Trip to see Broadway show,"Surprisingly good. Not hemmed in by tradition, but everything is just right in a ""I never thought of that"" kind of way. Our room was small, but who is looking for that on a trip to Broadway/Times Square. Spacious bathroom, and very clean. The staff was delightful and genuinely interested. Unexpected surprises at every turn. And did I mention it was cheap too?!",5
4190, February 2018,The bar,great bar tenders Jarret Rania and zakaria and Aniza are super awesome and very professional they know there stuff when it comes to drinks infact i love coming to the bar instead of going to other bars in New york city the atmosphere is great and the entertainment is awesome .ps best bar and staff in New York city,5
4191, February 2018,Great location,This is our second visit and it just as good as the 1st stay! Room is reasonable size (Ada room) checking in was easy!! The rooms are clean comfy! And location is amazing! Def book again!! The hotel always smells amazing when you walk in! The WiFi is great speed,5
4192, February 2018,GREAT HOTEL,What a great experience! Enjoyed every single thing about this Hotel! I will definitely stay here every time I visit NYC! The rooms are huge compared to other NYC rooms. It was clean and trendy. Loved the water stations and water bottles. Very cool and enjoyed my stay very much!,5
4193, October 2017,Average - convenient location,This was an unfortunate experience. I would not stay in this hotel again. Pros: - Room was clean and decent in size (2 beds) - extremely convenient location Cons: - Our shower floor was broken and when you stood on it you almost fell over. It felt like standing on a water bed. There was water that somehow got beneath the lining and was moving all around while you were trying to stand there. - VERY long wait times to get luggage and check in - Many angry customers were in line and in arguments about whatever it was they were unhappy about,3
4194, February 2018,Great service at prime location in NY,"The ROW is not only at a prime location, but also offers prime service. Its staff is very friendly, attentive, and helpful. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. Stayed here already twice and will definitely return to the ROW upon my next trip to NY. Don't look around, but stay at the ROW.",5
4195, February 2018,Great location/very small rooms,"Well, it’s in a great location if you’re visiting the theater district, Times Square, Broadway and close to the subway. Plenty of restaurants and shops. The rooms are kind of modern style, but very very smaller and crammed. View from room 1257.",4
4196, February 2018,"Great location, but basic",Good value for money considering it's in such a fantastic location. Family room adequate for 2 adults and 2 young kids. Everything you need but nothing extra. Tea/coffee making in room would be nice. Would recommend to others considering the location.,3
4197, December 2017,AWFUL,"no words can describe this terrible establishment. Service was bad, hotel filthy, the only upside is the location, otherwise I wouldn't even bother staying there and it's not even cheap. i have travelled extensively in my life and this is probably one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.",1
4198, February 2018,"Great location, better bar","Everything about this hotel was exceptional. The location, quality/cleanliness of the room and the staff as a whole were phenomenal. We were at the bar each of our 4 nights and Jarret, Raina and Zaichria were all very friendly, funny and made incredible drinks. Definitely made our stay that much better.",5
4199, February 2018,Great bar!,"The bartenders, Jarret, Rania and Zakaria were awesome! Super friendly and great to chat with :) The drinks and food are very tasty. Would 100%recommended staying at this hotel or at least stopping by the bar!",5
4200, February 2018,"Disgusting, rude and unreliable - honeymoon ruined!","Absolutely disgusting hotel. A broken toilet, dirty plastic cups provided, hardly any hot water (have to let it run for atleast 15 minutes before hand) each night at least one of our cards that has access to the hotel doesnt work, the lift takes sooo long before you can even get in it to get to your floor (that's after the staff have treated you like a bum telling them to show your room key before you can go near the lift. They couldn't even provide a pen that works so we could just ask the cleaner to leave some clean cups. The service person they sent to our room to fix the hot water was so rude and tried telling us how to turn a tap on (seriously, were Australian - not idiots). All of this on out honeymoon and unfortunately they won't even give us our $ back to go elsewhere, I",1
4201, February 2018,Amazing!,"Enjoyed our stay, Jarret at the bar after we ordered our initial drinks was there to advise and make cocktails! Couldnt wish for more and made the experience a great one! All round happy with our experience and we will be returning, and the beds are comfy and room clean! Lol",5
4202, February 2018,City break,Mmm where to start Arrived and foyer rammed with people for a fashion show Left our bags with the porters and tipped Them to deliver bags to the room That didn’t happen No hospitality toiletries in room Had to pinch them from the trolly blocking the passage No “free” water bottle in the room No ice on this floor Water dispenser Warning that the filter urgently needs changing Charged extra for our room that had already been paid in full with virgin holidays Room ok but pretty basic Brilliant position very close to the action,1
4203, January 2018,"Great value, clean, historic and mod","Super location, clean, great value. Stayed 5 nights! The building is historic and mod in its own unique way. Near subways, theatre, times square. Loved the stay. I would stay here again. It is also close to central park for walks and runs. Staff was very helpful.",5
4204, February 2018,Great theater hotel,"We have stayed at The ROW (formerly the Milford Plaza) many times over the years. The hotel is definitely better after the previous renovation. Rooms are clean and reasonable size, for a NYC hotel. Lounge is convenient and comfortable place to spend down time. City Tavern provides an eclectic variety of eateries. Best of all 8th & 45th is wonderful location for theaters.",5
4205, December 2017,Average to below average Hotel only saved by its location,"Good location in NY but even on the 13th floor the traffic disrupted our sleep. We were supposed to have been upgraded but fail to see how that was an upgrade, unless it was the view up eight avenue but did not include any landmark. Very small rooms and not that comfortable with a very noisy Air Con unit that when turned off allowed noise from outside in. Certainly a city that doesn't sleep. Few facilities in the room. Common areas supposed to be dark and trendy but mostly felt a little oppressive and basically ugly if not a little seedy. Watch out for the larger than normal additional charges on the rooms for facilities that you almost certainly won't even find, never mind use. Included a WiFi but this was poor. Overall the extras fee was a rip off. Always a long queue",2
4206, February 2018,dope,The staff was very friendly and kind. I felt VERY safe and comfortable since they check for hotel keys before you get on an elevator. The location was amazing and the room was nice and the view was cool. The woman at the front desk was funny and made sure to give us the best that she could!! :),5
4207, January 2018,Good experience,"I stayed at Row NYC because a friend recimmended it. It's a very good hotel, well located, good service, excellent staff. Wish it to have breakfast included at the hotel rate, which was a little high for not offering breakfasf.",4
4208, February 2018,Best kept secret in NYC!,"I have been to ROW NYC four times now over the past two years. Each and every time we go there, it seems to improve. We go in to see a show each year around this time. As you walk in the staff are friendly and you immediately feel safe. They will watch out for you. The access to the hotel is up some stairs which at first blush you might think is a hassle (especially if you have luggage) but it is actually a positive because no one travels up there that doesn't belong there. The lobby at first is a bit dark and a couple of years ago would remind you of the inside of a subway station. But over the past two years, you can tell that there is an attention to detail and now what looked like a subway resembles clean lines and NY chic décor. Simple but crisp and efficient which",5
4209, January 2018,ROW NYC,"It was my second stay at ROW NYC. The location is excellent, it's a theatre district. I would recommend it to those who are theatre-goers. The room was clean, but rather small. The service was very good. If I go to New York once more, I'll stay at this hotel.",4
4210, February 2018,Great location but basic,"Ideal location but the room was very basic. Staff weren’t the friendliest and hard to deal with at times. We got charged $100 security fee without being told about, only found out when checking my bank account before checking out. The bill at the end wasn’t very clear either.",3
4211, February 2018,great location,the hotel is in the best location for Times Square and broadway shows---there are lots of choices for food nearby and nightlife---the hotel workers are friendly and courteous and offer great suggestions upon request---there are several food choices within the hotel along with a lounge with live music where you can sip a drink and cruise the free wifi---highly recommend based on price and location --perfect for single or business travel and couples--I will be back,5
4212, February 2018,Good cost vs benefits,The excellent location of the hotel and good costs are the best benefits to stay in Row Hotel. I really recommend this Hotel for who wants to travel with focus on explore the city and have a good place to sleep. It was my case.,4
4213, February 2018,HUGE LINES IN CHECK IN! Careful with Vouchers they offer at the moment of booking,"I arrived at 9 am and took a huge line to do a previous check in. Almost 40 min. I arrived at 16 h to check in and there was again a huge line. I took more 30 min in line. The check in desk was always crowded with only 2 or 3 employees. At the moment of booking Row hotel offers 3 vouchers / promotions. Careful. I was not able to use the discount for NY City Pass and I was not able to use other discount. Nobody helps you about that, but they ""sold"" it as an ""advantage"".",2
4214, February 2018,Great for a single or couple!,"I would go back in a heartbeat for three reasons -location, location, location. Location to my conference...location to great food and location to the Broadway shows and Times Square! You can’t go wrong with The Row Hotel!",5
4215, February 2018,Back again and great start to our holiday.,"What can I say, yet again great service from The Row. Prior to our trip I had spoke Many times to Stephanie who was great to deal with, very quick at replying to emails and hugely helpful. Checked in today, very quick. Nelly was on the front desk and she was lovely. Very helpful and happy. Exactly the type of greeting that makes you feel good when checking in. The first room we had was a little on the small side but a quick pop down to the front desk and Nelly changed us to the same type of room we had on our last visit. This was done so easily, no waiting around and Nelly really couldn’t have been any better. She was fantastic. Room is very clean, modern and spacious. The view is also amazing!! This is only our first night of a 6 night stay and we are delighted to",5
4216, February 2018,Trip to New York,"Perfect hotel, very close to the center of the city, everything was in the walking distance. I really appriciated the service of the baggage storage after the check-out (it was really convenient, professional and safe). I will come back soon.",5
4217, February 2018,Perfect location for adventure seekers,"The hotel is in an unbeatable location with easy (walking) access to subway stations, attractions and food places of all kinds. Staff offered good service and rooms are clean and contemporary but basic.",3
4218, February 2018,Latest NYC Trip,"Overall, everything was satisfactory. I really appreciated having the availability of the various eating options in the City Kitchen right on the hotel premises. The rooms are small but adequate. We did, however, have to search for a maid to get a second wash cloth as there was only one in the bathroom for two people.",5
4219, February 2018,Great service,Hotel is nice and clean. Sometimes they have a DJ or live band play music in hotel bar & lounge. Server Anizia at the lounge was great. She made our experience awesome & even recommended other places for my friends and I to check out in NYC.,5
4220, February 2018,Not a clean hotel,"I cannot recommend this hotel. The rooms and common areas were dirty. The hotel is very noisy - even on the 14th floor where we stayed. We experienced loose electrical outlets, hot water that didn't come out of faucet for several minutes, filthy room floor and side tables. Just not great overall.",1
4221, February 2018,bad hotel,"they show me a nice room by pictures when i did the reservation and when i arrive it was so small and you can hear everything from out side isn't privet , the bed i was terrible the water some times it wasn't hot, At the entrance I had to put my things on the floor so I could take the room key out of my packge because they would not let you through. the price charged per room is very high for bad service and the inconvenience of the room will never return or recommend that hotel",1
4222, January 2018,The staff could not have been less helpful,"We only stayed 2 nights would not have wanted to stay any longer .On the 1st day I left my phone on the hop on hop off bus . I went to the reception staff and ask if they could ring the bus company for me and was told no as we had not used the bus company they use which costs a lot more . The next day we were locked out of our room as we were on 22nd floor not easy we were told a mistake had been made they thought our room had not been paid for .It happened again that evening we were told we had to show out passports well that was difficult as they where in safe in our room .Not a good time was had ,",3
4223, February 2018,"Great location, clean rooms","I have stayed at this property several times for business. Great location, clean rooms, very nice shampoo prouducts. Jeff at the front door will help with your bags, call you a cab, point you in the right direction.",5
4224, January 2018,Hassle Free,"We appreciated the hassle free experience on Check-in, Check-out and all other aspects of our stay. The close proximity to shows in New York make this a must stay location for anyone looking for this convenience. Minutes from Time Square and Restaurants added to the benefits of staying here.",4
4225, February 2018,Hotel Bar review,"Jose and Jared were so accommodating and friendly. Coming to NY can be intimidating, so having kind and attentive service at the first bar we sat down at was really special. This bar is lucky to have these two barmen!",5
4226, February 2018,"Great location, has everything you need",Just arrived back from a 5 night stay in New York. The hotel check in is very smooth and very modern. I chose this hotel as it was one of the few that offered twin beds. Ideal location. The 2 reasons I'm not giving 5*'s are the fact the walls are quite thin and we could hear a lot of noise some nights. And......almost $18 for a glass of wine in the hotel bar is ridiculous!!,4
4227, February 2018,NYC ROW,Quick check-in. Quick attention to a heating issue - upgraded to another room immediately. Convenient to CITY KITCHEN restaurant with excellent food. District M bar and food service was great as always.,4
4228, February 2018,very good.,"The overall experience of this hotel was very good, the location was amazing, a 2 minute walk to the centre of Times Square, the facilities were brilliant, The City Kitchen and Sugar Factory in the hotel is a must! The only downside was that we tried to change rooms as ours wasn’t as clean as we had hoped and did smell a bit funky but they wanted to charge us extra per night which we couldn’t afford, we settled for the room we were given and did have a very pleasant stay. I would definitley recommend.",4
4229, February 2018,Restful Night,I have stayed at this hotel 3 times. I have a convention at Time Square every February. I love the cool vibe of the halls and the rooms. The room is small but decorated and clean and feels so inviting for someone traveling alone that needs a comfortable resting spot for the night.,4
4230, February 2018,"Good value, big hotel, but doesn't feel as big as it is.","I spent a six nights in the hotel. Upon check in I upgraded to a bigger room (than the standard room) as was quite satisfied with a high floor corner room that had a view of Time Square. The rooms are basic, but covers everything a traveler needs, a decent bed, small desk, wifi that worked and a bathroom. Water pressure in the bathroom was not very good, enough for a shower, but not great. Design and furnishings very basic, but given the rate, a good value. You are charged extra for the wifi and free calls (local and international), which is a bit annoying as it should be all included in the rate up front.",4
4231, February 2018,Good located tourist hotel / be aware of additional costs,"ROW NYC is a good 3 star tourist hotel located close to Times Square. The rooms are quite small but renovated. They have one bar/restaurant. They charge an additional fee, facility fee for the use of the extra's. This includes the use of the wifi. They advertise with free wifi, but it is included in the additional service fee of $30 per day. So it is a bit misleading. Therefore you have to be aware that the costs of this hotel are considerable more than advertised on the booking sites. They should include those costs in the reservation or make it optional. Let the hotel guest decide.",3
4232, January 2018,Excellent location,I stayed with friends and it was a nice experience. The rooms are small but functional. The best thing on this hotel is the location. The staff was really nice with us. The only issue was the cleaniness. But overall it is Ok.,4
4233, February 2018,Awful staff,"Awful staff, they are rude if you are young don’t bother going to this hotel. The bar staff deliberately ignore you. Also the rooms displayed look “big” they are absolutely tiny. Oh if you go to the concierge make sure you get a second opinion because they tell you the wrong information. If you don’t buy from them they don’t want to know. Make sure you bring a lot of money to tip because they literally tell you give me a tip.",3
4234, February 2018,Nice hotel/value/location,"Nice hotel, value, location, great staff . I do not like the $30+ “for no reason charge” on top of your room fee. No other place in NY charges this. I was also told that parking would be $45, and it was $70+",5
4235, February 2018,"Great location, great price","As my title above states, great price great location, clean and what is expected for a four star hotel in New York City. Not a bad word to say about row nyc. Can only recommend it! If I was to go back I would stay again.",4
4236, January 2018,Great location,Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of January and would happily return. Hotel is in a great location and very handy for Times Square and Broadway. Staff were friendly. Room was clean and was big enough for what we needed it for. Happy customer.,4
4237, January 2018,Unprofessional bar staff,Our room at Row needed some attention. There was missing veneer from the closet and a footprint that looked like tar in the middle of the carpet. The doormen and security were pleasant and we liked the automated check-in by I-pad at reception and the fast elevators. We encountered very rude and unprofessional service in the bar on the night of January 25. They seemed clueless and poorly trained.,3
4238, January 2018,Looks are deceptive,"A dowdy, dingy looking hotel - very noisy in the evenings. No beverage making facilities, food area very pricey. Water and ice available but long way from room to collect. The one plus was it is very central - we've used cheaper and found them better!",2
4239, February 2018,Meeting Up With Friends!,"We did the valet parking package, fantastic! Easy drop off and pick up of car. Receptionist was amazing quick and friendly, hotel location great to see all the sights! Room clean and perfect for our one night stay!",4
4240, February 2018,not the great US service i've been used to....,"small room , very busy hotel , arrived in the room late where temp was set on 78 degrees , therefore did not sleep , and when got up to take a shower ...no hot water !!! brilliant !! did get moved to another room slightly bigger but no commercial gesture at all....oh yeah and the bill was soeved under the door of the room at 8:00am the day of departure ....(ie : plse get out...!)",2
4241, February 2018,Great Location & Friendly Service,"Staff was friendly and helpful. Best thing ever is the attached City Kitchen, a reasonably priced and designer food court. Perfect for grabbing and go to room after a long day. Hipster grunge look decor to hallways. My room had a queen bed and was small yet comfortable. An extra blanket was brought on request. Bathroom products of good quality. No shower caps. Great location on Eighth Ave near all the Broadway theatres. I was happy with my stay. No complaints. I would stay here again.",4
4242, February 2018,A Great location,This is not a luxury hotel but it is one block from Times Square and Restaurant Row. All of the Broadway shows are within walking distance. The lower floors need upgrading but the rooms are clean and secure. There is a nice Bar in the lobby where you can order a light meal before the show. The subway is less than a block away giving you access to all of Manhattan. I would definitely recommend this hotel.,4
4243, February 2018,So so,There are so many other hotels that offer better service for the price. Air conditioning/heating system very loud and kept us up all night and cycled between hot and cold...no happy medium. Breakfast options are good but they shut down for an hour to switch to lunch. Would have been nice to know this ahead of time.,2
4244, January 2018,Location is the only thing going for this Hotel.,If you’re looking for a place with easy walking distance to time square and Broadway and this is a great location. The hotel seems tired and in need of a good cleaning. Stopped in at district am for a nightcap and was completely ignored by the servers. And there were probably only eight other guests there,3
4245, January 2018,Very pleasantly surprised!,"I'd read up on some of the reviews of the hotel prior to visiting and was a little bit wary beforehand but my goodness, I was absolutely astounded by how pleasant it actually was! All of the staff we came across were so helpful and friendly, and it was interesting to find out about how historical the building was too. Myself and my sister loved City Kitchen, which I highly recommend (especially DOUGH!), and we couldn't fault the place. A great base for exploring Manhattan and we will most definitely return. Thanks a bunch :D - The green and pink haired ladies from Newcastle",5
4246, February 2018,Would stay again,"Room was ready early which was a nice surprise, we felt comfortable in our room , beds very comfortable although maybe not up to as high of a standard as far as cleanliness as I would have liked. The room wasn’t filthy just well used and a bit tired. Most definitely wouldn’t put me off staying again, just stuff you would expect of a slightly older room.",4
4247, January 2018,The old Milford Plaza,The place is excellent except the added resort fee Daily essentially for nothing. Security at night is professional and taken seriously. Great location. Easy checking . Many restaurants in the area. Recommended.,4
4248, February 2018,Excellent NYC location,"Great place to stay and location everything is close by. Their breakfast is excellent.(City Kitchen inside The Row check it out, (eg. Dough and Lukes lobsters you would not regret it. Our favorite place to stay when in town is the Row. Employees make you feel at home.",5
4249, January 2018,"Great Location, Keep Expectation Minimal","POSITIVE: Beds, food court (great) staff, elevators, location NEGATIVE: Sound (bathroom door slides, not soundproof - neither are walls), noisy lobby w/ bar All in all, for the price (not inc. NYC taxes) a value.",3
4250, February 2018,Worst honeymoon ever,"The room smelt awful, the check-in people were rude, and the over charged us even though we paid last month in advanced to book the room since they said it was non-refundable. I will not be staying at this hotel ever again, also we had to pay for parking which is wrong because we are already paying for the hotel they should give a voucher for parking. This experience for my first time sleeping at the row was not well, and my husband agrees. They did not even do a military discount which was disappointing because a lot of hotels do to honor our active duty members.",1
4251, January 2018,Outrageous Resort Fee - $34 a Night,"Room was $105CDN a night. Thought it was a good deal. Got charged $34 extra a night for a resort fee. This was nonsense. We didn't use the gym or half of the services this ""resort fee"" covered. We ended up paying an additional $135 CDN extra for our stay.",3
4252, February 2018,Fully renovated hotel near Times Square,"Great location near Times Square. Fully renovated hotel. Modern but cozy, with a great food court (City Kitchen) and a bar with Live music some nights (District M). Direct subway line from and to JFK, just two blocks from Port Authority",5
4253, January 2018,Visit to row nyc,"I looked at reviews for hotel and thought id made a mistake in booking it. But i was wrong. All the staff i met were friendly and proffesional, i never waited more than a few minutes at the reception. The same for the lifts always within a few seconds. The heating and air con in the room worked well. If i had to provide a negative then yes the rooms are on the smaller side and prehaps a lick of paint here and there. But what do you expect for that type of $ in that perfect location.’would def rebook",5
4254, February 2018,Great stay!,"I was a little hesitant booking this hotel after reading the reviews. My husband and I spent little time in the hotel or room as we were out seeing New York City. The room was clean and stocked with everything we needed. It was small, but that didn’t matter. We needed a place to sleep and shower and this was perfect. The location is also awesome. Short walk to Times Square and easy to get anywhere we needed to go. Definitely recommend and we would stay again!",5
4255, January 2018,NYC,I stayed at the ROW a few weeks back for business. Hotel was very nice! Staff was very helpful and friendly. Good hotel if visiting NYC. Close to attractions + easy walk to the Park. Room was clean and again the hotel staff could not have been nicer. Recomend to all!,5
4256, January 2018,Cheap and mainly cheerful,"This was one if the cheapest hotels and for the location it was a good price! The rooms are small but we were upgraded on reception so we didn't find them that small. Cleanliness was fine and maids very polite, always gave what you asked for and was done daily! There was noise from the room next door and I couldn't get through to an actual person on the phone after trying for some time....if the halls were even patrolled by security after say 11pm this may have ceased and been helpful! The heating system omg the loudest thing in the world and right next to where you sleep not up high as normal...we turned it off alot but it was set by temp so would kick in all through the night...tbh after a day there you sleep through anything you're that tired though",3
4257, February 2018,Decent Hotel,"I was scared after booking when my wife read me all the reviews about the hotel on Facebook. I was expecting feces on the bathroom floor , dirty sheets etc. This was not the case - very clean, friendly staff and an easy experience. We visited just before Xmas and it was great - perfect location for our trip",5
4258, January 2018,Excellent Hotel,"Excellent location, very clean, towels changed daily, nothing is too much trouble, bar area is lovely and food exceptional. Perfect choice of hotel even the trip's pick up at this hotel, the higher floor is a good choice we were on 26th Floor with amazing views.",5
4259, January 2018,Not impressed at all.,"Having stayed at several hotels in the same area for 14 years at around the same price I thought it would be a similar spec. The room was a third of the size, even the receptionist said it was a “teeny tiny” room when questioned that it was advertised as a Superior Room. It was two single beds as opposed to two double beds. We had no hot water a couple of days and it was a charcoal grey in colour. The bathroom needed a good scrub and very dusty along with the bedroom. There was no where to put your cases so had to put them on the bed to be able to move around the room and the air con woke you up every time it came on. This would normally anger me but it was also a 21st birthday present for my daughter so I am very disappointed.",1
4260, January 2018,Row nyc,"Great location for Midtown NYC. Close to theaters, restaurants, movies, shopping and business. They do supply a refrigerator if needed for your stay. For quick breakfast, lunch and dinner there is a food court on the premises",5
4261, January 2018,Very good midtown hotel,"ROW nyc is located a couple of blocks from Times Square, and near several theaters. The prices are reasonable; there's an option for free breakfast ( well, it's called ""the $1 breakfast ""). The decor is modern and colorful. I've stayed there twice and will certainly reserve there again if I need to be in Manhattan.",5
4262, February 2018,"Nice hotel (3*) small room, great location","I stayed only for one night. It's a 3* hotel so can't compare it to great hotels but I've also seen other 3* hotels in Manhattan that were better to my opinion. This hotel felt very hip when entered, lively bar area with music and people. The room was very small. very. however they had a bathtub which I appreciate and was much needed so I loved that. I have to say the bath is very nice and was more than expected. The room was clean, comfortable bad. good heating though it was noisy. heard also some noise from the hall but not too terrible. free wi-fi though not strong signal. No room service as far as I found. an o.k hotel, young and chik oriented.",3
4263, April 2017,I'm way too old for this hotel,"The rooms are tiny. The hallways are dark. The music is LOUD. The front desk help is slow, super slow. It's on a very crowded street, tourists are everywhere, clueless and the only fun I had was trying to identify all the different languages I heard being shouted in the lobby. Avoid this place if you can.",2
4264, February 2018,NYC vacation,The lobby had a lot of character and the staff was very sweet. The room itself was what I had a problem with. I paid for a Deluxe Suite and the room was smaller than every hotel I have ever stayed in. Right off the bat I looked around and there was trash in the drawers from the previous guest which made me believe they didn’t clean the room well. I went to shower and there was still soap from when they had been cleaning it. I had to let the shower run to rinse out the tub. I felt like I was staying in a 1 bedroom apartment. Only good thing was it was in the middle of where I wanted to be but so were a bunch of other hotels.,3
4265, February 2018,Great stay at the row nyc,Stayed here for my 30th birthday had a great time everything went smoothly check in was quick and I was lucky to have a room upgrade as it was my birthday everyone was friendly even the chaps who kept our bags It was great leaving my bags be safe with them would definitely return here and wouldn’t hesitate to recommend to anyone wanting to got to nyc thanks row nyc hope to stay with u again soon,5
4266, December 2017,A winter stay!,"I recently stayed at The Row NYC as part of a package deal, with this in mind, I cannot comment on what the hotel actually cost. On arrival, my first impression of the hotel was that it was very modern and ""hip"" with an impressive lobby. Check in was easy and staff were okay. Other than check in, we didn't really have much contact with staff. Our room was adequate, it had everything we required and was warm (which was good considering it was December), it was however done on the cheap. Depsite the modern lobby the rooms are shabby and need a touch up. As the bathroom had no window or ventilation it was starting to get mouldy. The location was perfect, not far from Time Square and hand to get both uptown and downtown. The hotel may have been a small part of our package cost",3
4267, January 2018,Alot of hidden fees,"I have been staying at room 2513 , i have had the worst experience ever for staying at a hotel , first it os saying that the property is 4 stars however it was the same same quailty as reserving at an inn 2nd i ordered some stuff online via amazon the hotel charged me for receiving my package $10 however it didnt stay for even a night , 3rd while i made the reservation online the price was including taxes and fees , over there the hotel charged me extra $190 which they said it was said that it was not included in the online fees I can see only dishonesty and a price that is not equal to what it offers as well as the hotel take the attention of the people by its low price and after they arrive they steal your money You overall very bad experience",1
4268, February 2018,must come!!!,The Row is such a nice establishment. Even if you’re not here at the hotel for accommodations be sure to drop by the adjoining bar District M! The cocktails are just as good as the tenders and servers. :),5
4269, January 2018,Great Location,Hi just returned from NYC stayed at the Row Times Square was worried about previous reviews I had read but we found this hotel to be great location also staff very helpful we asked for a high. Floor away from the lifts and had a great room on the 21 st floor the Market place food court was great for breakfast and the Doughnut counter was great people where coming in on their way to work and buy boxes a time bar area good too this was our 9 th time in NYC and would definitely stay here again.also security in this hotel was good they would ask to see your room card at the lifts so that was a good sign no one was walking in of the street.,5
4270, January 2018,Not Worth The Money,not worth the money I can stay at a cheaper hotel and have the same service. no maid service one day called for them just to bring towels and it took one and a half hours for that to come and we missed our dinner reservations. great location but I'd rather stay somewhere else and walk a little farther to the shows and dinner.,3
4271, January 2018,Great location,"Great location, checking in and out was super fast. it's a very good value for a 3-star hotel, and an above avg value for a 4 star, should be rated as a 3-star hotel in my mind. Rooms are very small, and there no on acoustic separation from other rooms.",4
4272, January 2018,Very poor,"Got ""upgraded"" and the room looked worse than the standard doubles online. Walls are paper thin could hear conversations from the room next door. Noise from traffic and road works kept us up all night.",1
4273, January 2018,Average room in great location,"The location of this hotel is amazing 1 block from Times Square and 1 block from subway, but the general maintenance of the whole building needs looking at, rooms are clean but not maintained at all, great views of Nyc from the windows but little things will end up annoying you such as broken lights or rattling radiators",3
4274, January 2018,"Mediocre hotel, could have better service","Had to ask several times for assistance, 3 separate issues. Toilet paper was less than one roll for 3 people staying 2 nights. Window was broken open. Also had to ask twice for towels. Employees downstairs were friendly.",3
4275, January 2018,The heart of NYC,"This hotel’s location can’t be beat! It’s central to everything as far as shows, shopping, dining, and sightseeing! It’s an older hotel so the rooms are small and feel a little dirty, but the bathroom seems to be renovated as well as the hotel lobby. City Kitchen located right above the lobby has an excellent food court and Free WiFi!",4
4276, January 2018,"Great trip to NYC,","Stayed at the Row hotel on 8th Avenue, a strange and different hotel, rather trendy with a lot of young people gathering in the lobby. Room rather small, yet clean with daily change of linen and towels. No tea/coffee making facilities available. Staff very helpful and nice. It's situated in a very busy area, with a lot of bars and restaurants about.",3
4277, January 2018,OK,Great location just once street over from Times Square and pretty handy to the cheaper restaurants in the city. Not overly clean but by no means unliveable. We did not spend a lot of time in the room as we spent most of our time there sightseeing and enjoying the city of New York so for somewhere just to lay you're head at night this place is fine. Would have been nice to have had the facilities fees explained to us on our arrival rather than getting a $156 bill slipped under our door on our last night as a horrible surprise. Rather steep if you ask me considering what the hotel actually offers as included with these fees. Overall an OK hotel.,3
4278, January 2018,I don't recommend it,The rooms are dirty and not well cleaned. The bed is full of dust and little hair. The toilet is full of hair in the tub and the sink. It's disgusting and definitely don't recommend it to any friend or family.,1
4279, January 2018,Fab Hotel,"Hotel is in a great location. Staff were really helpful, especially Christina on reception & the young bar man who helped us very much. Room was cleaned daily & comfortable. I was surprised at how quiet the rooms were considering it was so busy. I’d recommend this hotel to everyone",5
4280, February 2018,District M-azing,Recently visited the hotel with my wife. The check in process was very quick and convenient. We visited the bar where we greeted by to beautiful young bartenders. They offered great conversation and made impeccable cocktails. Just want to say thank you Jared and Rena.,5
4281, January 2018,Thumbs up 👍,"We had a great stay at The Row! Staff were helpful and friendly. Lobby and restaurant areas are modern and clean. Great range of food choices morning noon and evening ! We upgraded our room to a larger room, it was still very small but perfect for chilling out in after a long day of sightseeing. Would definitely return to this hotel.",4
4282, January 2018,Great location / Reasonable service,"The hotel had an extremely good location. Both the lobby and cafe were super modern, always filled with young people. It can be too crowded if you rather stay at a hotel on which only guests have access to the premises. The rooms were clean, with clean sheets. But it could be better. It seemed they changed the sheets and towels only and that’s all, but it was acceptable if you have a good rate. The worse part was the house keepers. They were extremely loud since early morning. Despite of the no-disturb signs on the door, they kept laughing and talking to guests and among themselves very loudly, which made close to impossible to sleep after 8.",4
4283, January 2018,Perfect location- simply somewhere to rest your legs,"So close to Times Square and loads of great restaurants near by. The room was ready early and we checked in without queuing. Great as somewhere to rest our legs after a long day of sight seeing, highly recommend",5
4284, January 2018,Perfect Stay,"This was my second trip to New York and my first time staying at the Row NYC and it was pretty amazing. The hotel is lovely, very chic and trendy and the staff was very nice and helpfull. I loved the fact that you could do the check in and out from the tablets in the lobby and you could avoid the long lines at the front desk. Also the location is a big bug plus! Overall the experience was very good and when I come back i will def stay there again!",5
4285, January 2018,Great place for overnight stay,"I had an extra long layover in NYC and figured I would explore the city while I had the chance. The hotel is very conveniently placed in the heart of Manhattan, about a block from the main strip in Times Square. The hotel staff was very friendly and the rooms, although small, were clean and comfortable. If you are only staying a couple of days, I highly recommend.",4
4286, January 2018,Rude Hotel Staff,Never been spoken to like that and will not pay the amount of money I paid to be in an environment where that is allowed!! Such a disgrace for such a hotel!! You should never allow such behavior and hotel manager didn’t seem interested.,3
4287, January 2018,Average,"This hotel is close to Times Square and that is why it is so expensive. The rooms are extremely dated and need a thorough revamp. Rooms are small and the bathroom is extremely tight. The only thing that saved this hotel from getting a bad review was the beds were extremely comfortable, there is free internet access downstairs (30 minutes) and the reception staff are friendly and the hotel is located in a good area.",3
4288, January 2018,Hot box,I can’t stress this enough. Too hot in the room. Heater blew hot air even with thermostat set to off. Location great but don’t think I’d stay again. Especially since I didn’t sleep all night first night due to heat. Couldn’t call to desk because phone was also not working. Was fixed when I asked the next morning. Attentive staff. But heating issue was not completely fixed. No sleep=exhausted. Feel should be compensated for the inconvenience and lack of sleep. Lobby was too hot as well. Bar had limited selection of alcohol. Again the staff was wonderful and location was near Broadway Dance Center which was the reason we were there. Check in was chaos. Not sufficient number of staff members to check people in on a Friday.,3
4289, January 2018,Comfy Stay,"My husband and I visited the city for his birthday this location was close to all our planned events in the city. Spacious, clean and comfy room, friendly staff and hassle free check in. It is also very convenient that the food court is located on premises.",4
4290, December 2017,Times Square comfortable hotel.,"Nice clean room with comfortable bed and sheets. Centrally located in the heart of Times Square. The woodwork needs caulking and painting and the size of the room is small. Other than that, it is a bang for your dollar!",4
4291, January 2018,NYC visit January 18,Shopping adventure 2018.. have visited NYC many times and stayed in lots of hotels. This would be the one I would definitely visit again. Staff are lovely. Spacious rooms. Complementary late check out when I asked on my final day.. Great location.,5
4292, January 2018,Close to Everything,"I would definitely stay here again. The hotel and rooms were clean and well maintained. We were within walking distance to all of the sights we wanted to visit. The room was reasonably priced until the extra service fee was added for: -Unlimited Local, Long Distance and International calls - WiFi, unlimited devices - Internet access and printing services in the hotel's iMac Lounge - Eco-friendly, collapsible 16oz. water bottle to use at hotel’s water filtration stations - 24 hour access to the hotel's fitness facility, located on the 3rd floor These were all things that we did not have time for, nor need to use.",5
4293, January 2018,"Good location, dirty rooms","Don’t be fooled by the photos, rooms are tiny! The room and lobby were both dirty, dusty, gross..door trims looked like they need to be replaced and mold in bathroom. Overall the cleanliness of the lobby and the room was our biggest issue, I can deal with a small room as long as it’s taken care of and doesn’t look like they painted over pounds of dust. I was very disatified with the room.",2
4294, January 2018,It was an o’kay stay.,Location was good...not far off Times Square. Room and bathroom were quiet small. I wouldn’t recommend for more than 2 people. Elevator service was very slow. We often had a wait time of up to 15 minutes.,3
4295, January 2018,Layover,"Had a great stay, best value room in Manhattan. Enjoyed the casual dining and general atmosphere in the hotel, really vibie. Efficient check in and out, friendly and helpful staff. Received restaurant recommendations for restaurant week which were much appreciated",5
4296, January 2018,Good But Pricey,"Good Location, small rooms, bad bar, good food. You can hear what people talk in the others rooms. There' a nice city view. Installations looks modern but rooms look quite old, specially for the bathroom.",4
4297, January 2018,Fees everywhere,Hate having hidden fees for stuff you shouldn’t be charged. Like package reception or WiFi. Those should be basic thing for a NY hotel. I paid 150 dolars just for 3 days of WiFi and 1 package reception!!!,2
4298, January 2018,Needs improvements,It wasn’t horrible but it wasn’t great & I wouldn’t go back . Service was very poor never got our room cleaned. I paid for a superior 2 double bed & it was still pretty tight space . The tv remote didn’t really work .,3
4299, January 2018,My Birthday Weekend,I loved the location of the hotel. The front desk check in person was very nice and helped with area activities. Room was very modern and bed was comfortable. Only thing the shower didn’t work well. Overall great visit.,5
4300, January 2018,Affordable convenience,"This is a fabulous hotel for anyone who wishes to be located in the heart of the Theater District, about a block away from Times Square. It was a 20-30 minute easy walk from Penn Station, and if walking isn’t for you, there’s a subway stop less than a block away. It is literally connected to the Majestic Theater, home of the Phantom of the Opera, and mere minutes away from many other hit Broadway plays. Tons of dining and shopping abounded as well. The room was no frills, but very affordable, and CLEAN—which was the most important thing to me, since I did not plan on spending my time in my room when I had all of NYC to explore. All in all, a great value and a great location.",5
4301, January 2018,"Great location, great price, good stay","You cannot beat the location of this hotel. It's close to everything - Times Square and all the Broadway shows, Hell's Kitchen, the subway, City Kitchen, shops, etc. But it's not so close that it's loud or you have bright lights flashing in your room at night. The rooms are small (not as tiny as they could be, but they are very compact). The bed is really comfortable, there is an ok amount of storage for clothes (for 1 person... for 2 people there would be NO room for clothes if you like to unpack). BUT one of my favorite features is that there was a water-filling station on the floor so that I could have clean drinking water before starting our day in the city. The vibe is very fun, and I would really enjoy being there on another solo trip. There were a lot of people, but you",4
4302, January 2018,few days in NYC,"we spend few days in row nyc hotel for a short business travel. we find the hotel really good, good value for money, confortable and clean rooms, very good location in nyc close to time square. very friendly staff. see you next time",4
4303, January 2018,ROW NYC Review,"My overall stay was good. I loved the location of the hotel, it made it very convenient to commute to various restaurants and other locations in the area. A few things I didn't care too much for was how much I could hear noise from the room next to me when I was trying to sleep.",4
4304, January 2018,Beware of extra charges when checking out!!,"The Row is in a great location to get around NYC. We were upgraded for ""free"" to a queen room, which for New York had a lot of room. Only downside is you are told when booking that there is a $25 a night facilities fee, which is fair enough but for whatever reason and one they couldnt seem to explain to us at checkout was that our bill for a 5night stay came to $172.10!?! Staff were rude and not helpful at all. We were basically ushered away from the desk and told to take it up with virgin holidays. Also when you come into the hotel in the evenings there are staff acting as bouncers by the lifts, pretty much every evening i hadnt walked up the stairs to the lifts with my partner i was pulled to one side and asked to show my room key to be allowed into the lift area. This never",2
4305, January 2018,Amazing hotel Ask 4 Robert,"Such an amazing hotel, perfect spot and beautiful rooms helpful and very very nice staff. we came for our anniversary and once I told Robert in the front desk he was so kind that he gave us an upgrade to our room. Believe me Robert is a true Angel. Ask for Robert and you won’t regret it.",5
4306, January 2018,Nice Modern Place to stay - value for money - good location,Great staff / Public common areas well designed with NYC urban vibe / nice connection to Kitchen Market / would return / rooms are small and a little tight for business work / gym is nice / elevator system is pretty well done / great location,4
4307, January 2018,In the thick of it!,"If you are looking for convenience to theatres, shopping, food & rails this location provides it all. The staff in general are courteous & friendly. While a minimal approach to lodging, logically who needs more than a clean environment & comfortable bed. Both ever present. Than you Row NYC",4
4308, January 2018,"“Good located hotel with the good services, clean rooms and warm atmosphere inside.”","The location is perfect, the service is great, you can check in before your visit via the internet and just take your key at the self service desk on the reception. Cleanness is good, there is a room service every day. There is a live music show in the bar few days a week. Unfortunately my room was located near the elevators and there always was a noise from them. There was no bathtub in my room, unlike in other rooms. The room was pretty small and the view from the window was on the wall :(",4
4309, January 2018,Awesome,I enjoyed my stay here. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I would love to go again if I’m staying in the city. Everything you need is right in the hotel lobby ! The rooms were very nice and the bed was very comfortable.,5
4310, January 2018,Perfect location,"Overall, I had a pleasant experience in this hotel. The central location is perfect; close to Times Square, surrounded by Broadway theaters and places to eat, and has a lively ambiance. The lobby is very fancy, and the rooms did not match the lobby's level of sophistication, but I was satisfied by the quality of the room. The view was incredible, and the size was large enough to be comfortable but not enormous. The room was not very clean though, such as the bathtub, and I did notice a stain on one of the sheets. The staff is friendly, and I also liked the elevator system. If you are visiting New York, I would recommend this hotel!",3
4311, January 2018,Perfect for a stay at the Theater district.,"I've been going to this hotel for a long time, always my first choice in NYC. Close to everything, but especially Broadway Theaters. And if you want to go outside the midtown sector, you're close to a lot of subway lines at 42 nd Street, Times Square MTA station.",5
4312, January 2018,Fantastic!,"It was my second time staying at The Row NYC, it ticks all the boxes; great location, attentive staff, clean rooms. I must note the great customer service, in particular Christina S that had excellent recommendations and was very friendly, I'll definitely be back! Thank you.",5
4313, December 2017,3rd and Final Visit,"This was our third stay at Row and unfortunately it will be our last. The hotel is in a perfect location however for the price you pay, it does not live up to expectations. There is no bell service to collect your luggage from the car, the rooms are small and hot, and the food options are really limited. Staff are friendly enough but you don’t feel like you return ‘home’ each day. If you attempt to ring the hotel you get transferred from one person to the next and end up with an answering machine. Maybe as I get older I expect more. Row worked when I was younger, but now I have traveled all over the world, Row misses the mark.",2
4314, January 2018,Not happy with their services,"Hotel located in a very good position, close to Times Square, the underground and the bus station. There are restaurants and live music within the building and seems is a very young and friendly Hotel. However, Rooms are not so big and there was lot of noise and bad smell due to some machines (I do not exactly know what the were); the most annoying thing is the about 30USD per night charged as facilities fees which were not clear when I reserved the room.",2
4315, January 2018,"Great hotel, great price, great experience","I'll be back next time at this same hotel. Perfectly located in Time Square. Great price, great experience. Zero complaints. It was clean and easily accessible. The hotel staff was very nice. Everything was well kept and professional!",5
4316, January 2018,Unconfortable,"Unfriendly staff; uncomfortable dinning facilities - they provide disposable cutlery instead of proper silverware; dark lights and electronic music at the lobby gives the impression you are at a pub instead of a hotel (), terrible package handling services although they charge for it.",2
4317, January 2018,It was ok,"The check in staff were not very friendly. Even though it was our honeymoon and this was mentioned by our travel agent, we got what had to be the smallest room in the hotel (2626) And there were definitely much bigger rooms as I had a look when the doors were left opened by housekeeping. It also had the smallest wardrobe ever so had to put our clothes on the floor and the radiator. Location was convenient and there are PCs with printers in the lobby so you can check in for your flight and print off your boarding pass.",3
4318, January 2018,Centrally located,"I would not stay in this hotel again. It is decorated too dark. Wait time in elevators too long. Carpet floors are dirty. Not happy. Cheap hotel. I did not feel safe. Room size was good, clean sheets, no bugs that I could see. Checking in and out can take time. Check in online, but check your statement checking out.",1
4319, January 2018,Not a very good experience,Please stay away from room 832 at all cost. The room was behind the elevators and it felt like you sleeping next to the Subway. Literally. Please have them switch immediately if you’re assigned to that room,2
4320, January 2018,Row hotel,Clean room. excelent spot. you do not need use taxi to have tour in Manhattan. Pastry at Sugar factory are great!!!! Market is one of the best idea in NY. Floor 18 really calm. First time: ask for city view,5
4321, December 2017,Great location and nice hotel,"Great location, nice hotel and good service. It's very close to Times Square and the Theatre District, so you can enjoy these attractions on your own. Subway stations around you and a lot to eat, both expensive and unexpensive. Try it !",4
4322, January 2018,Fabulous!,"Great Location! Great hotel. What more can I say? Both makes for the perfect vacation and in our case, we were there to celebrate my birthday with a carriage ride through Central Park. Our first time to the ""big apple"" was awesome!",5
4323, January 2018,Gteat location,"If you're in the city to see theatre and/or museums, the location is terrific. Not a fancy hotel, but certainly adequate. The staff were generally pleasant, particularly at the coffee bar in the morning. The room was comfortably but not spacious.",3
4324, December 2017,Best hotel in NYC,"Had an incredible time in NYC and this hotel was simply perfect. Staff were always prompt and helpful, the hotel had a lovely atmosphere. Gorgeous clean rooms, brilliant sized room. Loved it! Couldn’t have wished for a better hotel for my trip",5
4325, January 2018,Great Hotel,We had Hamilton tickets and booked Row NYC since we had stayed here previously. The hotel is in a great location within walking distance to everything we wanted to do/see. We found our room to be clean and everyone was quite friendly. This hotel can get very busy but we had no problems checking in and the valet parking was on top of their game. No complaints at all. we look forward to staying at Row NYC later this year when we head back down to see U2.,5
4326, December 2017,Christmas trip!,"Young couple (21/23) stayed 5 nights during Christmas 22nd-27th 2017. We had a amazing time, cannot fault the hotel at all. Rooms are great for a city break, with ironing board, wifi and hair dryer as extras! Amazing location, out of the way of noise but walking distance from everything. Five minutes from TS, 10 minutes to Rockerfella and 25minutes to Central Park. Amazing!!! We would definitely return to this hotel. ( please try the hotels doughnuts 😩😍)",4
4327, January 2018,"Great, in the way fast food is great.","Stayed her with my friend for 4 nights last week. Very central and convenient location. On arrival, we were upgraded to a superior twin room with one of the best views from the window I have ever had! Beds were comfy and made every day, everything worked as it should, towels were clean and fluffy. Facilities fee has recently increased to $32 a night. The internet in the room was always available and has a decent speed. This is obviously a busy hotel with a lot of guests from different backgrounds and nationalities. As such, you got a sense of there being quite a turnaround of rooms. Cleaners were present on corridors every morning and had a lot to do. As such, there were parts of the rooms that weren't very clean (corners of rooms not vacuumed, dusty ledges in the bathroom). I",4
4328, January 2018,Brilliant trendy hotel in an excellent location,"IGNORE NEGATIVE REVIEWS - clearly from people expecting far too much for a great bargain price in NYC. We stayed at the Row for 4 nights in January for a short break to New York. From beginning to end we had a superb time at the hotel, we arrived and checked in very quickly to a friendly receptionist who explained everything from how to get to our room, the taxes and fees and also how breakfast worked. we were then off to our room in the very clever and fast lifts, i read reviews on these lifts taking a long time and this is absolute nonsense!! - The room was brilliant and air con made it very easy to control the temp - bathroom was clean and shower very good temperature and pressure - breakfast was very useful just to grab and go and food hall on site which you pay for",5
4329, February 2017,Great Location. That's about it.,"Around the corner from Times Square, it's a prefect spot. Subway is close and walking distance to Madison Square Garden. Rooms are reasonably sized for NYC standards. Check in took nearly 2 hours. Free cookies from down the street are ok but didn't make the line go any faster. Crowded lobby was horrible when trying to walk over people sitting on the stairs and carrying your luggage. The lift takes 10-15 minutes to reach your level so allocated that time when leaving or take the stairs.",3
4330, January 2018,Great trip,Excellent stay first time ever great service and location. Stayed on 19th floor nice view. Staff very welcoming. Water available all the time!! (aha I love water). Will be recommending hotel to friends and family.,5
4331, January 2018,Nice but could improve,"The room was a nice size, could be cleaner I don't like seeing hair in my room. Check in was very slow, they needed more people at the front desk. The location was great, Time square very close by and all of theaters.",3
4332, January 2018,Great Hotel,"Stayed here for one night (for my birthday trip). This hotel is conveniently located near all of the tourist attractions. The room we stayed in was small but it didn't bother us. The room was clean. The only downside of the room was the bathroom was a little dark and could use another light. Bed was a little uncomfortable (but again, it didn't bother us). The staff was very friendly including the security personnel. Bellperson was very friendly and helpful.",4
4333, January 2018,Overall was good stay good location just expected better service garbages were full never got changed,We needed to call for cups to be brought up to the room 2 nights and the room never was attended by any service also wish the view was alittle better but it was a fun stay my fiancé enjoyed it other then the few issues,4
4334, January 2018,Great location,"This hotel is perfect location wise if you are a tourist like myself, the rooms were basic and fairly clean however behind the bed was covered in dust and rubbish. I had a few bites on my legs and sneezed quite a bit due to this. Check in took forever and the girl did not give us any info when she handed over the key cards ie how to use the lifts or what floor we were on, however the girl did give us free breakfast for inconvenience of how long check in took but this could of been improved. The bar is pricey wouldn’t recommend it however the bar staff are lovely. Also the housekeeping staff lovely. My biggest complaint is the concierge, extremely rude and very unhelpful, does not speak just looks at you and hands you what you need. This is reason the starts arent higher. If",3
4335, January 2018,"Clean, clean, clean.","Rooms are disgusting. Bathrooms are filthy. Rooms are the most filthy rooms I have ever seen of any hotel I have ever stayed in. Pictures are misleading, you don't get what you pay for. Elevators are terrible.",1
4336, January 2018,Not even worth the extremely low rates,"I’m very familiar with the phrase “you get what you pay for,“ however, this wasn’t even worth what we paid for it. The front desk check-in staff was not particularly friendly, including a bellman who copped an attitude with me when I asked a simple question about the check-in process. There were only three check-in agents at what must’ve been at least five or six stations, for a line of 15 to 20 guests. We were also promised an email once our room was ready, as we arrived earlier than the designated check-in time, that we never received. I completely understand that check-in times are there for reason, however if you’re not actually going to email us when the room is ready don’t promise that email. The elevators are a complete disaster. It took at least 10 minutes to get an",1
4337, January 2018,WORST HOTEL I've been in the US,"The worse problem is the staff. TERRIBLE. The worse I've met in the entire World. In 3rd world countries the staff was always nicer and kind. Staff is RUDE! NOT professional, and they treat the costumers like numbers. Its an OLD Hotel, floor is old carpet, terrible to clean and if there is a fire, i doubt anyone will survive, the hotel itself is a death trap. Terrible noise insulation, if any! Doors shutting all the time, you can ear ,EVERYTHING, whats going on in other rooms. No breakfast and cleaning leave a lot to desire. No laundry pick up in the room or drop off. 5th or 6th stay in this hotel, should have complained long ago NO environmental concern at all. if i cold chose my hotel id rather stay in Long island",1
4338, January 2018,MIND THE HIDDEN FEES!,"Paid $150 before getting there on Booking.com. Then when I got there I had to pay another $160ish. The lady behind the desk didn't tell me she was charging this, which I was thought sly. ($100 of this is apparently being refunded, but we'll see). Then at check-out I was charged another $68.24. Nice stay but watch out for their BS hidden fees. I'd advise seeking out reviews of other places before booking here. Location was extremely ideal (1-2 min walk from Times Sq) and wifi was excellent. Just those fees that ruined my stay (and my bank account, as a student).",3
4339, January 2018,Well located,"The hotel is really well located and close to many key places. The room we stayed was really small, but it was always clean and well maintained. The service was fair, but we liked a lot the band that played alive on Thursday. Our stay was fine.",4
4340, January 2018,2nd visit,This was my second time staying at this hotel and yet again not disappointed . The check in was quick and the staff on the desk were fantastic and very welcoming . The rooms in the hotel are quite small but are well maintained during my stay. There is a free safety deposit box in the room so no need to worry about your valuables . The hotel location is on 8th av just round the corner from Times Square and Broadway so fantastic location . I would highly recommend this hotel and I will be back again. Thank you Row NYC for being part of another great visit to New York .,5
4341, January 2018,Great Location But,"What seems like a bargain in the heart of Times Square really isn't. By the time taxes and ""facilities"" fees are added on you wonder if you get what you pay for? We ""won the lottery"" for an ""upgrade"" to an allegedly larger room which was far less than spacious. It just provided what is at best a normal sized room with few if any amenities. There was no means to cool or heat beverages. No mini fridge or microwave or even the ubiquitous electric coffee maker. Beds were fine and free wi fi. Bathroom was adequate. Several staff members we encountered, front desk and security, were rude with hostile attitudes. After five such days someone actually smiled and interacted pleasantly. I almost fainted with shock. But step out the door and there we were in the heart of Times Square. In",3
4342, January 2018,Hip Experience!,"The overall service was professional, accommodating and friendly. Rooms were clean and quite cute! Location was pretty central, you could walk to quite a bit. Overall we loved it and would stay again, but the extra hidden $100 amenities charge is a bit crazy... Most of the hotels do it, bundle all their extra amenities and charge you for it at the end, like internet, water station...",5
4343, January 2018,Row NYC was fabulous,"We are so happy to have discovered this hotel. It was within walking distance to everything we needed (theater, restaurants, train station) on our weekend trip to see a show. The decor of the hotel is great, the staff was friendly and accommodating and the room was clean and comfortable.",5
4344, January 2018,ROW NYC,"Location was great, hotel is in times square attached to a delicious “food court deli” with multiple options, however our rooms were disappointing it was very small and beds were not quality def not like the pictures. Our ac/ heating system was not working it would get extremely hot and all of a sudden shoot out very cold ac as a result i woke up with a sore throat.",3
4345, January 2018,Great hotel!,"Great hotel! we stayed 7 days in the hotel and you can´t ask for a better location to stay! everything is super near, subway, food, entertanment, shoping, great view, etc i will return to this hotel :D",5
4346, January 2018,Exceeded my expectations given the reviews!,"I arrived at Row last Sunday, a bit worried given the reviews I'd read about long queues for check in, etc. I have to say it exceeded my expectations. We arrived early, around 10.30am. Checked in but our room wasn't ready so left our bags with the concierge. We returned just before 5pm and there was no wait to collect our keys. Our room was on the 8th floor with a nice view which I wasn't expecting. The room itself was basic in decor but we didn't come to NYC to spend any time in the hotel. The bathroom had a bath which was a nice surprise and well needed after being on our feet all day. Breakfast was included in our room, and I agree with previous reviews that this was pretty cheap - one pastry, one hot drink and a piece of fruit. If you wanted water you have to have it",4
4347, October 2017,Good location,Good comfortable room without frills. Free Wifi with reception good throughout the hotel. Fantastic views from our room on the 27th floor. Helpful staff and hotel at a good standard of cleanliness. Great location on 8th Avenue being just 3 mins walk from Times Square. Close to subway with transport easy to and from airports.,4
4348, January 2018,Do not go here LOTS of hidden charges,We were not told about room deposit facilities fees WiFi fees we upgraded our room for $40 got a bill for over $170 asked for a wake up call which we never received just a shocking bill already took from my card before we checked out!!! Disgusting end to our otherwise great trip shameful,1
4349, January 2018,Row NYC,"Clean, reasonably priced hotel in theater district. Great location. Room was small but clean and close to theaters, Penn Station and many bars and restaurants. Check in was quick and they offer luggage storage.",4
4350, January 2018,Terrible service all around,"Two years after staying here, this is still a terrible hotel. Their service has not improved even slightly. Still unprofessional upper-management who sits in an office all day long replying to online reviews with the same generic response. Still fully-untrained, unsupervised, staff with hostile attitudes creating their own rules and regulations.",1
4351, November 2017,ROW NYC,"Been to the Row about four or five times and I like that it is a block from all the theatres! Subway is right there. Especially love the fun, city vibe and the City kitchen where an easy and cheap breakfast or lunch awaits with some fabulous 2nd floor window seats and people watching. I’ve had great rooms and ok roooms, some with amazing views and others unremarkable. The hotel can be quite busy at times and it is always filled with people coming and going. The price point is good for the location. It is good enough that I have gone back multiple times with my daughters.",3
4352, January 2018,Row NYC,"Stayed one night with my son to see Springsteen on Broadway. Location of the hotel is excellent, check-in/check-out was fast and easy. Room size was a little small, but for the price, it was well worth it.",4
4353, January 2018,Re-Visit (A++),"Just arrived home this morning from another perfect stay! This was our second time visiting ROW NYC and again, we could not fault the hotel at all. The Room: The room has central heating/air con, so whatever time of year you visit you'll find the perfect temperature! Our heater kicked in automatically when the room reached a certain temperature, which was really handy as it was so cold outside! The heater was slightly noisy, but you get used to it in no time! It's a very nice touch to receive cups for using at the water machine (located on every floor, but if you want ice then these machines are only located on certain floors - check the wall by the water machine for the signs that state which floor). Every room has a safe for free, which you choose the combination for - this",5
4354, April 2017,Horrible experience from start to finish.,"I waited some time before writing this review. I traveled to NY for a conference in April. My employer was paying for the rooms and he told me everything was set. I arrived a day before him and he told me you are all set the hotel is aware you are coming. I got to the hotel and they told me they needed a card on file and that they needed to put a hold on my card for the first night. I said that would be okay. When I got to my room it was dirty and old. Curtains had stains the vents were disgusting and my bed had stains. I was appalled as his hotel was highly rated. I did not want to complain because my employer was paying. I then checked my bank account and the hotel took out money for all the days we would be staying, over $600. I called the front desk and they said nothing",1
4355, January 2018,Cool and Comfy hotel,"The Row hotel has a cool vibe, friendly staff and comfy beds. Great fun place to stay for business or with friends. Rooms are small but clean and comfortable. Breakfast can be quick and sumple or go to the attached City Kitchen food court for a yummy omelette to start your day.",5
4356, January 2018,Pleasantly surprised!,"We booked this hotel through a travel agent as a package holiday! Our room was a standard and after reading some reviews I was getting nervous at staying here but honestly I was pleasantly surprised!! I couldn’t ask for a better room, we stayed on the 14th floor which was fantastic for the view. The room was clean and tidy and a lot bigger then I expected! Couple of downsides were that the heater was loud when it was on but heated up the room very quickly, also the shower took about 5 mins to heat up..! All in all it was a good hotel and me and my partner were happy we stayed here. Pictures below were our view from our windows.",4
4357, January 2018,There seems to be some problems here. On my first night I was woken because the blower in my room was blowing cold air i,"I was freezing. A radiator was brought and I was told not to adjust it. I went back to sleep and woke boiling! Another day I had no hot water in shower or sink. Some of the receptionists chew gum. The breakfast opened late and the staff were a bit indignant when asked why ""we're still getting ready"".",3
4358, January 2018,Most Convenient Location,The Location can’t be better for this pride of hotel. I just wished there could have been in room hot water so we can have a hot drink in early morning and late at night after a person has changed out into PJs,3
4359, January 2018,Great location and great service!,After a long day of travel CESAR made check-in SOOO PLEASANT! Love the location and City Kitchen! Our go to hotel in NYC! So convenient for the theater district and close to good Hell's Kitchen food - The elevators are awesome!,5
4360, January 2018,Very satisfied,"Friendly staff, easy check in and check out. Location was perfect for all our outings. Being steps from Times Square, the subway station and the bus terminal made access simple. Clean rooms and comfortable beds made our stay enjoyable.",4
4361, September 2017,Sleepy time,"Fantastic location less than 2 minute walk to time square. I would say this hotel is a mid to upscale property with a very modern feel. Staff were friendly and security was good. The room was a good size for a city location not massive but certainly not tiny. Comfortable and clean a great place to get your head down after a busy day exploring, however if your not informed beforehand be careful of the $30 a night resort fee.",4
4362, January 2018,"Excellent location, literally only a few minutes walk to Times Square","Checked in no problem, rooms small but that typical of lots of hotels in NYC, beds soooo comfortable, shower was maybe not as forceful as I would have liked but it did me ok. Rooms very warm however others complained of theirs being cold. We were able to adjust the heat as necessary. Beds changes every day and bins emptied too. Iron, ironing board, hair dryer all in room, safe too. Only major fault was that there was no coffee/ tea making facility in the room, that would have been nice. We were on 22nd floor which was quiet, you do have to be mindful of other guests as we heard others coming in late and laughing etc, bit inconsiderate of them however too tired to get out of bed. We didnt eat in the hotel but had breakfast which was included in our package, it consisted of",4
4363, November 2017,BEST SECRET IN NYC,Location is AWESOME. Staff service is Excellent. I've always had a great service experience with The Row. Staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful in finding various things throughout the city. I love the alcove where you can pick up a wide variety of food.,4
4364, January 2018,Great hotel close to everything,The Row NYC hotel is a wonderful modern hotel with generously sized rooms and great service. It's close to the crosstown subway and is in the heart of Hell's Kitchen. I enjoy the convenience of the elevator system and the ability to store my luggage once I check out.,4
4365, January 2018,A let down,Hotel was generaly grubby and not maintained very well. Dirty paintwork and carpets unclean. No storage for clothes. No tea and coffee making facility in room and no cafe in hotel. Staff were surley and unhelpful not the usual US welcome and smiles.,2
4366, January 2018,Absurd fees for something not so expensive,"Hotel room is not so clean, there is a lot of dirty in the aisle and in the rooms (mainly a carpet dusty) They charge USD 9.00 to handling packages delivered at hotel. I purchased some products in Amazon that came from other cities and the freight was USD 7.00. To bring the packages from the ground floor to 26th floor the hotel charged USD 9.00. To let the things worst, it´s not possible to collect your packages at the front desk. In other words, it´s a trap. Much better request to collect your packages at Port Authority station, 2 blocks down at 8thAve in an Amazon pick-up point.",2
4367, January 2018,Row NYC Hotel ~ perfect location for dinner/theater!,"From the warm, friendly reception I received at the check-in desk from Christina S, to the helpful assistance I encountered checking in my bags upon early arrival, it was clear that the staff was very attentive to customer needs. My 26th floor corner room was surprisingly spacious, with a partial view of Times Square and lovely surrounding architecture. Great stay! I can't wait to return!",5
4368, January 2018,PERFECT! Anything you could wish for x100!,"We arrived at this amazing hotel and was told upon check-in by a very friendly lady that we had been upgraded to the penthouse suite free of charge by her manager! Can't thank the Row NYC enough for this! The room was absolutely spectacular very very comfortable bed (Fell asleep within minutes of laying down!) Wifi very fast! Loved the idea that you turn your room key into a souvineer! The shower felt like you were actually in a rain shower outside! The Row NYC has a perfect location, just minutes from Times Square! The nearest subway was Port Authority which was 2 minutes away. When I return to NYC I will definitely be staying here! This has definitely been the best hotel I've ever stayed in.",5
4369, January 2018,Not a place to stay unless you hate yourself!,"I should've known when I came to check-in at 8pm and was told the room wasn't ready and saw people trying to change rooms with other front desk staff that this wasn't going to be good... I was told to wait 1/2 hour at the bar and the receptionist would come and get me. I waited 1 hour and was told he had gone home when I returned to the counter. Room was tiny, smelt heavily of cleaning fluid. Bathroom outdated and was insanely small. lots of small flies throughout my stay (I see others complained of this too). No mini-fridge, no water. The heating came on every 30-40 mins and sounded like people banging on pipes, as soon as it was warm the A/C kicked in to cool it... the cycle went on all night since the thermostat didn't work. The showers are great if you have 1/2 hour to",1
4370, January 2018,Take your own towels & cleaning equipment,"massively disappointed , booked as a surprise for new year & the pictures on the web site didn't match the rooms . The rooms were Dirty & our lock was broken also the towels were yellow & had someone else's hair on it . we went to reception who moved us to another room which was the same but 2 double beds even then we used our own towels & unfortunately we tried other hotels but they were booked due to season . on the last day we asked to keep the room on & were asked for another £60 for 3 hours which we declined . the whole thing cause stress & arguments between our party & not 1 offer of reasonable compensation was offered . maybe painting the rooms ,updating the furniture & vacuuming them would help , also updating the pictures to show the true rooms not a edited or photo",1
4371, January 2018,Nice hotel in a nice location,"This has been my second time at this hotel. I was lucky to find a very good deal for a deluxe room with a view. The only two complaints would be that there was no water dispenser on my floor, and that the hotel did not offer a free EU adapter to the US. But in the first case there was only one floor to go up, and in the second, there were two USB ports with which we could charge mobile phones.",5
4372, January 2018,You get what you pay for (and then minus some),Brown water came out of our sink and shower during our stay between January 11-15th 2018. Room walls were very thin too and could hear conversations next to us. Good location but would consider staying at another hotel next time.,3
4373, December 2017,Location can't be beat,"A large-capacity, modern hotel in the heart of New York's theater district, Row NYC offers everything a visitor would ask for in terms of comfort and accessibility at a price that won't break the bank.",5
4374, January 2018,Location! Staff! Duvet!,"The elevator arrangement is very good, I had never experienced something like that before. The ROW is a great place, but beware if you're overweight: you won't be able to enter the bathroom. The rooms are sound proof, which is nice and pretty unique in New York. Checking out was a breeze, but I didn't know you could see that for yourself on the back page of the final statement.",4
4375, January 2018,Not Bad...,"Had stayed here a few times many years ago when it was The Milford and thought with the renovations it would be even better, but not the case. The location is great, the staff were friendly, and the room was clean, but there were some issues as well. - The bathroom door is a sliding barn style door which made using the bathroom very awkward for my friends and I as there is no actual closed door preventing everyone else from hearing everything going on in there. The toilet and shower also both squeaked. Not even getting started on the bathroom size...not even enough room for feet comfortably between the toilet and garbage can against the wall. - The heater made noise throughout the night, not just a turning on and off sound, but a gurgling banging, weird noise that led us to",3
4376, December 2017,It is all about location!,"Location is the major highlight of this property. Traveling alone, I wanted a hotel were I could leave and arrive by myself at night in safety. So, being right behind Times Square was a right choice. I had issues in my room and staff was able to rearrange it the following day. Even if it wasn’t as prompt as I would like, I appreciated their attention and support. Rooms are really small and may be smelly.",3
4377, January 2018,Awesome View!,"My teenage daughter and I have been coming here for 3 years. This year was an unbelievable experience and stay at ROW NYC, the staff was more than helpful and friendly, our room had the most unbelievable views. I cannot say enough about how great this trip was this year, thank you.",5
4378, December 2017,Unfriendly and too busy,"Went to New York with three friends and we booked the ROW. Good location, but the service at check in was poor, after a 7 hour flight, the last thing you wanted to do was queue for at least 30 mins because they didn’t have enough staff on (2) for at least 30 people checking in. We had a what they called a superior room, but there wasn’t a lot of room for 4 people to share. Never ate in the restaurant so can’t review this.",3
4379, January 2018,"Great Value, great location, great food court.",The rooms at the Row are very small but the beds are comfortable and bathrooms are modern and nice. The food court off the lobby is a gem. Lots of great options of high quality food. I was traveling with a high school group so the food court was perfect as we had little time or money and kids with a variety of food preferences. The Row is in a great location if you want to be near Broadway shows.,4
4380, January 2018,ROW NYC,"We were able to check in early with no problems. For being in the city, the room was fairly quiet. This hotel is centrally located just a block from times square and close to a major subway station (Port Authority). I will stay here again.",4
4381, January 2018,In the middle of it all!,This hotel was the perfect place to stay for a fun-filled theatre weekend. It’s right in the heart of the theatres and restaurants - literally only steps away. The rooms were spacious and clean; the staff friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay there again.,5
4382, January 2018,Great Rooms for Great Prices in a Great Location,"We've stayed here a lot, and never had a perfect stay, but have consistently had a great stay. It's very busy, and there are bumps along the way for check-in or room functionality, but they are quick to resolve problems and always friendly.",4
4383, January 2018,Great Stay At The Row NYC,"This hotel is located in the HEART of the theater district. The staff are very helpful. The lobby was full all weekend all It has a very energetic vibe. If you are looking for a great location and great value, this is it.",5
4384, January 2018,Great location & stay,"Yes the rooms are compact but what more do you need if you’re out all day, fresh towels each day, friendly staff & a superb location. For what you pay it’s great value for money!! Also a big up to the gym, good quality equipment!",4
4385, May 2017,Prime location.,"The hotel is prime location for anyone who is interested in staying in New York and time square, just a note font try and check in early its new York and there very busy plan to come in around check in time. The hotel is stunning so are the rooms and fitness center.",5
4386, December 2017,Avoid this hotel- would not stay again,"We were recommended this hotel by our travel agent and colleagues that had stayed here previously. Unfortunately we did not enjoy our stay at the Row NYC, from being moved rooms due to insects in our bathroom to our air conditioning unit sounding like a jet engine about to take off in our room, sorry but I would not stay here again or recommend this hotel. Several aircon engineers who worked for the hotel came up to our room to fix the aircon, but it still was extremely noisy and disturbing all night long! The walls are so paper thin, we heard the couple give the performance of their lives through the night and again at 5am, we don’t have kids but I imagine this to be a very awkward conversation if they were asleep next door! I think for the price, I would definitely pay",2
4387, January 2018,Outstanding!,"Great experience! Location makes it easily accessible to the theaters, Times Square, and excellent restaurants. Would definitely stay here again! Room was very clean! Employees, for the most part were very friendly and helpful!",5
4388, January 2018,Superb hotel,I stayed here for four nights and really enjoyed my stay. The room was very clean and tidy and cleaned daily. All the other staff were very friendly and helpful with any queries i had. It was also in a superb location being just a short walk from broadway and times square.Considering it was in such a central location it was very quiet. All in all it was a very enjoyable stay which i would recommend to anyone.,5
4389, January 2018,Terrible,"The rooms are ok, but the staff are unprofessional hard to get of them, especially if you are coming from different country and you need help to get around. Lack of hospitality and professionalism and The absence of carring. It took me 2 hours to get of hold of front desk and they answered you fell the welcome cold in their voices.",1
4390, January 2018,Great!,"My stay here great, the room was spotless, the bathroom was spotless. The restaurants within are great and I would definitely stay gere again. The location was perfect, minutes away from any place you would have wanted to visit",5
4391, January 2018,the perfect location for your Broadway adventure,"The location is perfect, the hotel is upscale, the valet parking is super easy and convenient. The price overall is reasonable. The rooms are clean and comfy and fairly quiet (for a city that never sleeps). It's my go-to hotel for NYC adventures - it's a splurge but any trip to NYC is a splurge IMO. Well worth it!",5
4392, January 2018,Fab,"Just returned from a 4 night stay, Checkin was fast and efficient staff pleasant. Rooms are very small but they do the job free safe in room. Location is brilliant minutes from Times Square, subways, theatres and loads of eating places, Price was good for this hotel, be aware you are charged $50 per night per room deposit( refundable on checkout) Also charged $32.47 per room per night resort fee for use of Internet, gym and iMac suite you pay this regardless if you use any of the above and its non refundable. Oh and the hotel stinks of weed. Would defiantly stay here again",5
4393, January 2018,Great location! No complaints,"Perfect location for attending Broadway shows and Times Square. Very reasonable winter rates. Quiet, clean and comfortable. Room was small, but ok for the rate. Elevator call system makes getting to room from lobby fast.",5
4394, January 2018,Facility fee is crazy,Great price but then they add $32 facility fee. I only use wireless. That’s more than I pay on a month for wireless. This fee is like having your pocket picked. My room was $102 then they added facility fee of $32.,3
4395, January 2018,Great hotel!,"The only thing that was annoying was the air conditioning. We went when it was cold out and the heater only worked when it wanted to. Also, our last day there we felt rushed out of our room by the cleaning staff. They kept asking us when we were leaving and we still had an hour to check out. So that was annoying. Other than that everything was perfect and I loved it. New York is such a busy place.",5
4396, January 2018,New Years in NYC,"We were a little apprehensive prior to our 5 night visit regarding some of the reviews on here. We needn’t have been. We enjoyed our stay here. On arrival at the hotel on 30th December we were greeted by a very pleasant man on the check in desk. He told us that somehow our room with a view that had been booked for many months was not available and he would knock the amenities charge off of our stay as way of compensation. I expressed my disappointment at this after traveling 22 hours to get there, stating that I’d rather pay the fees and have a view so he went off to seek his management. Upon his return he swiftly checked us into a room with the perfect view for us. Our room on the 18th floor over looking 44th street and 8th Avenue although small and compact was spotless",5
4397, January 2018,geat location and great room,we stayed here for 4 nights and was a great place to be based when exploring new york. right next to times square and subway stations so easy to get arround. room was a good size considering it is in the eart of new york. our flight was delayed by a night and they were very acomidating with this. a very modern place to stay.,5
4398, January 2018,A little disappointed this time,"I normally stay at Row NYC when I visit NYC. I love this it’s centrally located and it’s a great price value for that area. But this time I stayed was different. The staff was nice and friendly as always. When I opened the door the room smelled like mildew and I noticed that the pillow cases were dirty. Also, the TV was not working properly and as the temperature dropped the room got colder and colder I turned heat and no heat came on. I went as high as 80 degrees, yet nothing. I only stayed one and as I was leaving the heat finally came on....go figure. This was a disappointing stay :(",3
4399, January 2018,Great location & comfy bed,"We stayed here for 4 nights January 2018. Hotel is fab location and we had a peek of the screens from Times Square from our bedroom window. Beds are so comfortable. Room was clean and was acceptable. I’m quite picky so would have preferred it to be immaculate, having said that , I should have paid a lot more for 5*. Heating system is so loud. It came on automatically every hour on the hour. The noise of it woke us up. First night I called reception and an engineer was sent and turned it off. We finally got some sleep. The second night it did the exactly the same again. I called reception and another engineer was sent. This time we asked for the entire heating system to be shut down in our room. It was. After this it was fine and no noise. The hotel itself is very hot and",3
4400, January 2018,New Years In the big city!,"We stayed at the hotel and had 2 rooms 12/30-1/2. The hotel is a perfect location to 5th Avenue (walking distance 15 minutes) Broadway, 1/2 block from Times Square and many more. If you are not familiar with NYC I would also recommend Giovanni with tours by locals! He was the best for our family of 5 with 3 teenagers. He took us all around the city and we were able to view everything. Great hotel, great location and great family vacation!",4
4401, December 2017,Modern,"This hotel is centrally located in the theater district. Our room was quite small. The view was great! When we checked in, it was after midnight and we were using the kiosk to check in. We were having a little problem and a staff member came to help us. She was very helpfull!!",4
4402, December 2017,Wake up call,"The sad thing about the wake up call is that doesnt feel like a wake up call, its not for a person that half awake that could choose the wrong option, but its great that the front office was ready at 5 o'clock in the morning for check out",4
4403, May 2017,Fantastic base in NYC,"Stayed here in May 2017 for 10 nights with my other half. The main point for this hotel is the location, about a 10 minute walk to times square and surrounded by lots of attractions, restaurants and a tube stop at the end of the block. Rooms were very clean, and the A.C. was helpful. Good facilities and very handy having a shop on site. Few options in the small food outlets on site too which was great. Cannot fault the hotel for the money, not luxury but your not paying insane prices for where you are located. Would definitely use again!",4
4404, December 2017,Terrible experience.... would not recommend!!,"Paid for top floor room which we didn’t get on night 1 and no compensation! When moved, we had a blocked toilet and no paper for 3 days & a blocked sink for 2 days! Rooms very small - photos are very deceptive!!",1
4405, January 2018,Great Location,The location was perfect.Close to Times Square and Broadway Theathers.I got an upgrade and rewards for check in through the hotel. Also they give you advise for a better stay if you want and help you to get tickets and dinner reservations if you needed. Great beds and clean. I did not have any problem at all,5
4406, January 2018,Wedding day ruined due to hotel cleanliness,Please read previous page. The beasties/insects that were flying out the shower drain bit us on our legs when showering. We ended up with sores on our lower legs due to this. We were on holiday to get married on 5th January at the city clerks office. My wife couldn’t wear her expensive wedding dress due to the bites on her legs. She had to wear trousers instead. I couldn’t wear my kilt as the wool socks irritated the bites on my legs. This whole incident ruined our wedding and was totally unacceptable. We were given another room when I complained about the beasties/insects. However the damage had already been done. Thanks to the hotel the day that was meant to be the best off our lives was totally ruined due to the bathroom cleanliness.,1
4407, January 2018,Stay at ROW NYC!,Had a great experience here on my trip to NYC. The room was clean and the staff were plentiful and knowledgeable to questions I had about the city and getting around. The bar down stairs is perfect for a quick drink or bite before you embark into Times Square. Location couldn't be better. Highly recommended!,5
4408, December 2017,Excellent,"Perfect location. Hotel was clean and staff friendly. A busy travelers hotel that offers all you need. Bar and food court fabulous. Very relaxed. Easy check in and out without any problems. Free calls from your room overseas was a huge surprise and welcomed. Places to eat over the road perfect, 24/7, safe area. Loved it and most definitely return to this hotel,",5
4409, January 2018,Family stay,We stayed in a wheelchair accessible room the room was really spacious the bathroom even more so it made my daughters stay so comfortable one of the best accessible rooms stayed in so far. The breakfast was ok for adults but not great for children nice clean friendly hotel missed having tea/ coffee facilities in the room,5
4410, January 2018,Good location for the price.,"Times Square in NYC is expensive. They suck you for every dollar they can get out of you. The same goes for hotels. ROW NYC was located perfectly however it is big and the turn over in people was immense. There seemed to be far too many young people, many from the UK. It was loud and too busy. The rooms were small but OK. We upgraded for a few dollars more. Better view and space. Worth the money. Other than that it is just an average hotel with nothing spectacular to see.",3
4411, December 2017,Completly recommend,"This hotel is all about location. It’s near to subway stations, restaurants, Junior’s cheesecake and Broadway shows. The rooms are very confort and spacious! The breakfast is complete, however it lacks scrambled eggs. This is our second time and in NYC and will repeat.",4
4412, January 2018,Christmas in New York,The hotel location as great however.... the room heater was extremely noisy . The hotel charges you 30dollars a day to use the gym. It’s basic bang for buck. The additional fee’s increase the room rate really quickly,3
4413, January 2018,Fantastic in every way!,After reading some awful reviews on trip advisor I was very worried about our stay in this hotel. I really had nothing to worry about. From start to finish our experience was fantastic. We had only booked a standard room so weren’t expecting much but as soon as we walked into our room and saw the view we were delighted. We were in 2308 the room was basic but very clean and had everything we needed. All staff we met were friendly and helpful. We never had to wait more than a few minutes for a lift even when it was busy. The location is excellent and we will definitely use this hotel when we visit again. Thank you to all at the row 😁,5
4414, January 2018,Would never go back!,"Location is nice, the hotel staff seriously ruined tge trip for us, they made an effort to make everything difficult from the start. although the hotel wasn't fully booked, but they kept claiming otherwise. Room rates are negotiaable strangely enough.",2
4415, January 2018,The location is perfect,District M served guests who ordered alcoholic drinks more readily than the guests ordered coffee. You ordered and waiting for your coffee but no one hurried busy with serving expensive drinks.It is a shame.,3
4416, January 2018,Great location/Good for an Overnight Stay,Overall we had a nice stay at this hotel. the room was small but i expected that. We were also on the street side and it was very noisy at night. The check in process was very easy and our room was ready 4 hours early so that was great. It is super convenient to the theater and attractions we wanted to see.so that was worth staying her. If I was going to stay longer than a night I would look for somewhere else to stay. It was just really small and too noisy.,3
4417, January 2018,Hotel does not look as new as pictures,"Location, perfect. Rooms - cold and heater very intermittent. Duvets not thick enough for time of year and outside temperature. Hotel generally tired and in need of a lick of paint. However, for the price I guess it was acceptable.",3
4418, January 2018,No compassion when stuck in snow storm,"Were not at all accommodating when I was stuck in a snow storm and had no way to get to their hotel. They charged me the whole price, couldn't even give me a partial refund. I will not be looking to book at this hotel in the future.",1
4419, February 2017,Nice hotel but very noisy,"Stayed with friends to celebrate a 40th birthday. Room was very small as most are in NYC, have stayed in bigger rooms and this one was an upgrade, I’m guessing the upgrade was for view not size. Hotel is very central and right in the mix but this does mean it’s noisy all day and night. 8th Avenue must be the noisiest street in the city. No kettle in the rooms but there is hot water available from a machine on every other floor if your desperate for a cuppa. All in all a pleasant stay.",3
4420, December 2017,Excellent,"Good service, staff, cleanliness, and excellent trip. Love New York city, it was like a dream. Love food and people it's so nice with the tourist, very recommended the hotel row. Great place and excellent location",5
4421, January 2018,Overall pretty good,"This was our fourth time staying here in the last year . Chosen solely on affordable price and location. The big food court is a plus on cold days . Overall pretty nice place but the rooms are small. My only complaint is that they only give you three ( very flat ) pillows . Why 3? Shouldn’t each person get two ? And every morning I could hear the maids loudly talking and laughing outside my room while they were cleaning other rooms . This was frustrating, as I was exhausted from all of the walking and frigid temps on this trip. The $65 early check in fee was worth it since it was freezing out. Would stay her again but maybe bring my own pillow and ask for a loud fan ?!",3
4422, January 2018,One Cold Night on Broadway,This is a cool modern hotel with an amazing location. I was able to see two Broadway theaters from my rooms window. The staff are kind and most of the checking / checkout services can be done online. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable.,5
4423, January 2018,"I mean, it was fine!","The location is spot on, which is why it’s a busy hotel. 2 minute walk to time square, 20 minute walk to Central Park and Rockefeller Centre. 25/30 minute walk to Empire State Building (approx times depending on how fast/slow you walk) Our room 1826 was basic. Can’t really complain, kinda small I guess. The view was non existing we legit looked onto another room! But at the end of the day your not there to look out a window or stay in your room all day. I found that when you tipped the room cleaners they cleaned your room better and left little extras. We stayed 1 week but only tipped like 2/3 times. Our plug in the bathroom stopped working also and we didn’t have warm water one day. Front desk .. not much to say. We were greeted with a women who didn’t even smile or say",3
4424, January 2018,New Year in NY,"The location was perfect, but the first room was not clean (dirty bathroom, dirty carpet, dirty furniture vanity) The second room was clean but the shower had no pressure, and it was a room for disabled people.Not a very good experience of this hotel, and the impression that people do not force themselves to help",2
4425, January 2018,Good quality for the price,"Positive: Good location, reasonable price, friendly staff, many restaurants & bars around, clean room, comfortable bed Negative: Noisy heating system Overall good experience. I will come back. Thank you!",4
4426, January 2018,Hotel Row,It was really convenient for us to use this hotel because of its prominent location that was so close to Times Square and Central Park and other major landmarks. It was a good pitt stop for us to warm up and drop our bags off before running out again in the cold. Lol,5
4427, January 2018,Great views and food court,"We booked a superior room. I still don’t know what differentiated it from a regular one, but I assume the views are part of it, and they were really great. The room was warm, comfortable and clean, and the hotel feels very well organized and equipped. The food court has different, interesting and affordable dining options.",5
4428, January 2018,row nyc in january,for the price and the location it is a good deal. 2 blocks away from times square and walking distance from most attraction. There is a subway right around the corner. the room is okay not more and the staff is nice.,3
4429, January 2018,Our Christmas present,"Great choice this is our second stay here. We will definitely come back again,and highly recommend this hotel In the heart of Times Square.you can wall to Rockefeller Center and all the Broadway Theatres.",5
4430, January 2018,Very tired!,"Very disappointing hotel! The website pictures are 20 years old, that was confirmed by the reception Manager!!! The upgraded rooms were very small, dirty and needing renovation. Needless to say we checked out after 1 night to find a much better hotel for the same money",1
4431, January 2018,"Perfect location, comfy beds, room for improvement at check in","Perfect location, comfy beds, room foPerfect location, comfy beds, room for improvement when checking in. r improvement when checking in. Perfect location, comfy beds, room for improvement when checking in.",1
4432, December 2017,Awful,"Do not stay here.. the only kind of good thing was its location. We were only down the road from Times Square. Everything else was appalling. The staff were so unhelpful and rude, housekeeping wasn't done.. we had to call reception to have fresh towels and bedsheets nearly everyday apart from one day when they just let themselves in my room and I was getting dressed, they didn't even knock or make themselves aware, I thought it was my partner coming back in. We ordered 2 separate rooms for our party of 5 and we were put 9 floors apart which meant we had to go downstairs to the lobby (L1) just to go back up to their floor... I could go on forever, it was awful and I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.",1
4433, January 2018,Reservation and bed issues,Confirmed a full/queen bed but a 2nd confirmation email said I confirmed a twin. Put a note saying I only needed one bed and upgraded to premium for inconvenience. Got to hotel and did not get premium,3
4434, January 2018,Holiday visit,Such a great hotel. Such a great location. Although so many peopld are there the rooms are very quiet nice and clean.very re ccomended place to stay. The restaurant is a bit expensive. If you arrive from port authority or the airport it is very close.it is a friendly hotel to everyone,5
4435, December 2017,Disappointed - Staff not helpful,"I called ahead for express check in, they said i had to go to the front counter to check in. i went there, and did not get the queen bed i asked for. They advised that when they have a room available for the bed i wanted, they said they'll call as soon as they have the bed is ready. I never got the call. When inside the room, i had called downstairs to ask for more towels, they took approximately 1.5 hours to bring the towels up. Inside the room it was very hard to sleep at night due to the heater which was very loud and would turn on every 5 minutes. I was very disappointed in staff and service as they lied and never called me back with the room i requested.",2
4436, December 2017,Ideal for a non-stop New York break,"Visited in a couple for a surprise birthday trip Dec 19th - 23rd 2017. Book if you’re looking for: 1. Great location: central to absolutely everything and suited us down to the ground, only had to jump on the subway for Ground Zero and Brooklyn and the subway station is maybe a 3-5 minute walk from the door. 2. Great concierges: really helpful, friendly and efficient. 3. Great housekeeping: rooms were spotless every day with clean towels and sheets every day without fail, paid attention to do not disturb signs and never failed to say good morning/afternoon whenever your paths crossed. 4. Painless check out experience: so easy. Drop your room key and off you go (only if you’ve already given them credit card details). We had a late night flight so had to leave our luggage in hold",4
4437, January 2018,Don’t let the pictures fool you.,"Didn’t have towels, heat was broken, was fixed close to midnight but then wouldn’t cut off at all, water is brown...found that out when I was trying to give my toddler a bath, mold in the caulking of the tub.",1
4438, January 2018,Hit or miss,"The hotel is actually in a very good location, some of the staff are wonderful, Zac and Caesar on front desk give super helpful service. Josie at the bar was friendly, helpful and probably gave us the best service at a bar I’ve experienced from a bar tender in NYC. I have to say though ROBERT on front desk is probably one of the rudest, unhelpful arrogant, unprofessional, patronising, laziest people I’ve ever met in customer service, I actually witnessed him being rude to another to another guest shortly after his rudeness to myself. The hotel is actually usually very good, I’ve stayed three times now but this individual really lets down the professional standards that the other staff set. P.S Thomas the operations manager is also a very friendly, professional manager who",3
4439, December 2017,"I've been there in vacation, but it was a nightmare starting already at the front with the bad service of Zack","We paid around 300 something / Night which is a lot, and then at the front desk you have a guy who is sniffing permanently. During my check in, a lot of people was complaining and when I arrived in my room, I understood why. I never saw a room small like that in my entire life. A room dirty, with a black carpet fool of I don't know what; the bathroom was something like in 1920 and in front of my window I had two big walls. On the corridor you can smell marijuana, and the sheets on the bed were disgusting. This hotel it's a steal and the service very bad. On what you see on the website it's a lie!",1
4440, December 2017,Fabulous,"The improvements this hotel has made is fantastic!! Loved our stay once again ! Celebrated our daughters graduation 🎓 present , ticking off another bucket list dream spending new year in Times Square !",5
4441, December 2017,Good location,"Poor air conditioning system. It makes a lot of noise and it is impossible to control in the minimum ventilation. Common areas seem like a public space. The catering is fastfood with no other option. There is a comfortable lounge space with some reservation. In the end the account almost doubled, as they require payment of a service fee that was not provided in the booking price, in addition to all tourist taxes.",2
4442, January 2018,GREAT LOCATION,"So close to the theatre district and subway connections. The rooms was small but had everything we needed, including well placed outlets for electronics. Tried a high floor this time and loved having a view. The blackout curtains work great, slept in both days!",5
4443, December 2017,Great Location,"Upon arriving at the hotel we did self check in, all was fine. They asked for credit card details as we expected but after checking credit card online statement they also took $200 which was not explained anywhere. We visited reception straight away about it they stated it was hotel policy and we would be refunded within 5 days after checkout. They also stated that the extra fee to pay per night was $30 whereas out travel agents told us it was only $22, so expect this to vary. After checking in we went to our room, after opening the door we were gobsmacked at the size of it. It was tiny with no view apart from a brick wall. We were on floor 14 and the room was right next to 8 elevators. It was VERY VERY noisy, there is no way anyone could sleep in there. We went straight back",3
4444, December 2017,Great location,"The location was excellent! We walked to Rockefeller Center with no problem. Close proximity to other locations we wanted to visit. The room was very small , however extremely clean, and the staff was very friendly.",5
4445, December 2017,Average but....,"You can't get through to the front desk after you leave. I had trouble with billing that I had to have my credit card company handle because I couldn't get through to any human. The room was small, but the beds were comfortable. I liked the free water bottle and water filling stations. I just wish there was one on every floor!",3
4446, December 2017,"Small rooms, rude staff",Rooms were very small and facilities were basic for the money . Do not stay in rooms ending 33 as these are behind the lift and the noise is unbearable. Location good. Staff rude at the check in desk. Check in very busy but as expected in December. Wouldn’t stay again,1
4447, January 2018,christmas,Good location and price near times square and the theater district !!!! . Tkts booth and Restaurant Row right around the corner... Rooms are clean but very very small .. Breakfast is quick and easy ..,4
4448, December 2017,Christmas 2017,Enjoyable stay. I liked the location particularly. I would consider staying here again. I usually spend the week after Christmas in New York City. The only problem I had was the low water pressure in the shower.,4
4449, January 2018,"Dirty, noisy and poorly maintained","Paid hugely inflated holiday rate (was there for NYE) so this likely affects my review, but first room was horrible. Tiny room and bed: smaller than the double/queen my booking promised. Filthy: surface spills not wiped up, food (I hope) crushed under night table; what looked like fresh blood on sheet, so chances are not changed after last guest — gross! Noisy: next to elevator and heating system that banged away and overheated despite being turned off. Complained after first night and was ""upgraded"" to a larger, quieter, cleaner room with an actual double bed so rest of stay was acceptable. Still, hotel felt poorly maintained with sloppy paint jobs door frames etc. that creates a bad overall impression. Convenient location to Times Square and close enough to subway. Front desk",2
4450, December 2017,Great location and great experience!,"Great location! Very close to Times Square, able to walk to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Madison Square Garden. Lots of great food options nearby, lots to do and see in the area. Elevators do take a little bit but not a big deal, overall a very good experience!",4
4451, December 2017,Wonderful Hotel,"The service at the front desk was very good. The location of the hotel was excellent. The room very clean, tidy and conditioned although the bed I would have liked queen size. The most I liked was the location and cleanliness.",4
4452, December 2017,Needs lots of work,"No one answered the phone for service, mirror dirty, bug in bathroom, eatery closed early, rude, out of items on menu. Dirty vent in bathroom like fuzzy catipiller dirty. Rude staff. Printers in business center didn't work all 4. Staff didn't know where the stairs were. Elevator system terrible when there is a crowd. Quality of remodel poor.",1
4453, December 2017,Uninterested staff and unprepared hotel,"Booked over 9 months in advanced, they still did not have our room ready for arrival, gave us a downgraded room which was freezing as all windows had a draft, nobody seemed interested in helping resolve the situation and no refund was given despite a downgrade. Bar staff were moody and also uninterested in helping. When we finally got to our reserved room the heating system had a mind of its own and staff again were uninterested and it never got fixed, impossible to sleep due to noise of heater turning on and off constantly throughout the night. Only good thing about this hotel is location, not all staff were bad some were helpful but majority could not be bothered and ruined a large part of our stay.",1
4454, November 2017,Our go to home away from home in NYC.,"We have stayed at the Row NYC Hotel at least 3 times since the name change. There is no way to beat the location for the price. We got a room on the 12th floor and slept very well during our stay. The staff was courteous and helpful, as usual, and assisted us in getting a quiet room and any questions we had regarding the parade. As always, we feel secure that after 8pm only guests are allowed to the elevator access to the rooms by showing a room key. You punch in your floor and are directed to an elevator that delivers you to your floor. We met many people from different countries and enjoyed the interaction. We like the convenience to the theatre district, restaurant district and easy walking distance to times square. They also have an app for room conformation and",5
4455, January 2018,Very good,I'm so grateful for everything. I had excellent nights there. I want to go back in the other times. great location. Because the hotel stay at so close to the Time Square and have so many places for to do there. Amazing drinks at the bar.,5
4456, December 2017,Great location but small rooms and beds.,"The location is absolutely perfect. 30 seconds to talk into times square, 10 minute walk to MSG and central to everything. Awesome food and entertainment local too. With this comes loud noise into the night and sirens going off etc. Didn't bother my sleep but did bother people I stayed with. Big negative is the room and bed size! Room images looked bigger and the ""Double Beds"" were not much bigger then a single. Really was pushing the size limit. Room also had a big melted iron mark on the floor. Not a big deal but noticed it for cleanliness.",3
4457, December 2017,"Good location, basic facilities","When we first arrived we were concerned at the size of the room, we had booked a superior room but it seemed very small. On seeing other rooms and chatting to other holiday makers it seems it was actually very good, so be prepared for hotel rooms to be smaller in NYC. I would advise not to opt for breakfast as this is quite expensive but only consists of croissants and cold items. There is a food court across the road which has a basic but freshly cooked menu. The French toast was amazing and you can have bacon, eggs, sausage and a range of beautiful fresh fruit at reasonable prices. Our room was very clean and had an ironing board, iron and hairdryer. There is also air conditioning in each room. There is a concierge in the reception area who can book airport transfers at a",3
4458, December 2017,Service,"The room service was satisfactory and the employees were kind. The hotel is close to the subway and is in a good position for travelers. However, the room with two queen-size beds is a little too small, although it has four rooms.",4
4459, August 2017,Disappointing,"We only stayed one night at Row NYC and I was really glad. We selected this as a stopover on our way to visit friends in upstate New York and it wasn’t pleasant. This was a little cheaper than other Manhattan hotels but not cheap enough for us to excuse the tiny room, decaying bathroom and dated decor. Our room was spruced up on a budget - the peeling wallpaper was painted over and the window didn’t close properly. The dark, subway-style interior of the public areas was not my style at all and looking out of the window at night, we saw some sights we’d rather not see. If this is the only way you can do New York, then you’ll still have a great time. If you can afford somewhere else, book somewhere else. I wouldn’t stay again.",2
4460, December 2017,"Tired decor, poor service","No explanation of charges or deposit on check in, just took credit card, had to ask for clarification later. Reported broken TV concerned it was becoming hot as couldn’t turn it off, nobody came to fix it. Intermittently working heater very noisy. Only plus was the location",2
4461, December 2017,Stay somewhere else,"Bad hotel stay never again will i stay here. Ancient TVs in room w/o HDmI connection. Since I’m forced to write more, hotel was sooo bad. Hated it no wonder employees didn’t have Union pins. Place has horrible service",1
4462, December 2017,Adequate hotel,Hotel was in a great location. Needed updating and a good clean. Staff were rude unhelpful and dismissive. Rooms were warm in very cold temperatures. No kettle or fridge. Room was quite expensive so expected higher quality.,3
4463, December 2017,"Good hotel, Excellent service & Accommodating staff","Favorite ROW Hotel Newly renovated hotel. District M on the first floor, the ambiance of this place is great. Relaxing at the bar, sipping great cocktails and guests sitting on the steps. Setting is tastefully done and just feels very homely...great atmosphere. It is a few minutes walk from the Subway and just one stop away from the popular vendors shopping. Breakfast area is spacious and nice. Fresh fruit (nectarine, oranges, apples, and bananas) delish croissant, muffins in addition to all the other hot and cold items. The room is comfortable in every way. I am very happy with the room size, especially the room with a great city view. Front desk staff is very friendly and welcoming. My stay was absolutely perfect on every return year! Thank you ROW! I had",5
4464, December 2017,"Good hotel, near to atractions, very clean.","Good hotel Good service in front desk Near to main atractions Albeit the hotel was very croud, do to holiday vacations, the service was very good, room very clean, , the elevator was working very fast, no delays. Need to improve the air conditioner equipament, the one in my room was very noise and not well regulated.",4
4465, December 2017,Hotel with great location,"I liked the room and great location of the hotel. At the entrance of the hotel there are compudor and printer, this makes it easy to print tickets. Breakfast Tip: GOURMET NEW YORK, is on 8th Ave with W 43rd st, very close, has excellent pancakes and bagel, went there almost every day.",4
4466, December 2017,Row NYC,"Great hotel - great proximity to theaters and Times Square without being right in the middle of the craziness. Rooms and bathrooms are small, but typical for NY hotels. Always clean and the lobby is vibrant and fun - a great place to hang out.",4
4467, December 2017,New Year in New York,Clean but basic room. Never ate in hotel so cannot offer an opinion. Great lift system..type floor number on pad and it tells you which of the multiple lifts to use..never queued. Fantastic central location makes this hotel a winner,4
4468, December 2017,A short but pleasant stay!,"My family of 6 booked 2 rooms for one night, and we were very pleased with our rooms. The views were great, the rooms clean and efficient, the amenities outstanding. The elevator system was great since we were on the upper floors and didn't have to spend a lot of time waiting. Enjoyed the breakfast and eating dinner at the City Kitchen. Many choices for our diverse appetites. I'd definitely stay here again.",5
4469, December 2017,Not a great experience,The online pre-checking was not working and the 1-800 to pre-check would drop the call (5 times). The front desk was a disaster ad they did not seem to care. Rooms are very smallThe online pre-checking was not working and the 1-800 to pre-check would drop the call (5 times),2
4470, December 2017,Winter in New York with a Baby,"Staff was helpful in providing a crib for our baby. Room was generally clean. However, there is no coffee machine , refrigderator or microwave. In the winter a microwave alone with a couple utensils can suffice. Overall pleasant experience.",4
4471, December 2017,Terrible,"Worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at. The self check in was confusing and there was no one around to ask for help. Our room was extremely tiny, not suitable for two grown adults. It sounded like a train was running above the room constantly (room 1632). We were told it was the elevator, but the elevator was down the hall. We had a view of a back of the building and no one shut their curtains so you could literally see what 50 people were doing in their rooms.. And the worst thing we had to stand on a security line every time we came back into the building to get on the elevator",1
4472, December 2017,Great hotel!,I thought everyone was really good at what they did and the service was exceptional. The bartenders were extremely good at what they did. They were very attentive to what we needed. The servers as well.,5
4473, December 2017,Awesomenes!!!,Staying at The Row was a comfortable experience services was AWESOME 👏🏽 CLEAN EXQUISITENESS STAFF! Will be back this summer for sure I felt at home... the staff very respectful and I love the way we have to show our room key for safty,5
4474, December 2017,Good Location Near the Port Authority,"The convenience of the location is the best part of this hotel. City Kitchen also offers a decent food option in the same building. This was useful, as our bus arrived late. It's a short walk to Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue, etc.",4
4475, December 2017,Best Stay in Broadway Area ROW NYC,I'm a theater goer and being 2 blocks away from TKTS to buy discounted tickets and within walking distance of most theatres is a plus. The staff are helpful and the rooms were all renovated when the Milford became ROW NYC. I'll not stay anywhere else in Manhattan and have established a good rapport with many staff members.,5
4476, December 2017,Mother and daughter Xmas/birthday trip to New York,This was a great hotel and situated in a great location. 5 minutes walk from Times Square. Very clean in public areas and room. Polite and helpful staff in all areas. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends and family.,4
4477, December 2017,Always first row at ROW,"Great stylish Hotel near Time square en Hell's Kitchen. If you stay her you are in the heart of NYC. Easy to reach by Subway, and good to start for sightseeing, shopping or heading out for dinner or bars. We had a really nice stay at the premium queen room o 27th floor! Great view over NYC and the 8 th ave. Free water included.",4
4478, December 2017,well located,"hotel ideally located in the heart of new york.the hotel is of good quality, but the lack of sound insulation on the bearings is felt.Overall the staff is pleasant.I advise for those who go to the hotel by car, the valet service.",3
4479, December 2017,Very Disappointing,"What a disappointment. Having stayed at this hotel in the past, I rebooked due to the excellent location. I had read that the hotel had undergone a complete refurbishment and was relieved as this had clearly been needed when I last stayed. How disappointing my husband and I were when we opened the door to our 'Premium Superior Queen Suite'. Very small - not an issue. Appalling décor, broken 'furniture', fixtures and fittings and not too clean - nothing unhygienic but just very shabby. No tea or coffee making facilities in the room, which would not be too much to ask at the price we paid for this hotel. Would not stay at this hotel again.",1
4480, December 2017,There was someone else's blood on my bed sheets,Had no sleep from the malfunctioning heater in the room. I had someone else's blood on my sheets. I was charged an extra fee $65 after paying for my hotel upfront with Expedia and told nothing could be done because it was booked outside the hotel. Such a terrible experience.,2
4481, December 2017,Stay somewhere else!,"Stay somewhere else! Room heater continued to run, even though shutoff, and warm disturbingly loud! Room was dirty and was charged a nightly increased fee for an 'upper' floor but was assigned the eighth floor which is nearly ground level. No coffee in the room and bathroom was dirty. I would recommend staying somewhere else as the rate was no bargain!",2
4482, December 2017,"Comfy beds, loud elevators","If you stay here, specify a room far from the elevators! I'm not usually bothered by elevator noise, but these sound like trains rumbling by. The lobby is chaotic and confusing; security is spotty, with staff only sometimes checking room keys to allow access to elevators. Rooms are tiny, but beds are very comfy and internet is free and works well.",3
4483, December 2017,Christmas in NYC,"Best deal in time square! My son is a performer in one of the Broadway shows. So it is perfect for the thesis, restaurants, shopping, etc! This was my 3 time last year. I should get bonus points:) check in is not so good. You need get past this,,",4
4484, December 2017,Great location!,"This is a typically small NYC hotel, the room was clean and the bathroom tiny. The negative was that although the lobby was updated, the hallway smelled like urine. The elevator set up is great, no long waits stopping on multiple floors. Can’t beat the location if you are taking in a show. The bed was comfy and the room fairly quiet.",3
4485, December 2017,Poor service but great location.,"Poor service but great location. The room was too small and there was no even basic facilities like fridge, blow dryer and coffee maker in the room. Don’t expect a high end hotel. Everything is very very basic",2
4486, December 2017,Love it!,"This is my second year staying at this hotel, the location is AMAZING. just a short 2-3 minute walk to Times Square, about a 20ish minute walk to Central Park, and every other tourist attraction is in a close proximity. The staff is always super helpful, and they have a place to hold your bags - LOVE the men who helped us with our bags...so nice! The view from the room is so amazing. Being from Florida I don’t have views like this. I have no complaints about this hotel whatsoever. Stay here!",5
4487, December 2017,Disappointed,"Disappointed,cleanliness, parking. I called several times before I arrived and everything that I was told, for my family Christmas trip did not happen. Very frustrating since this was their Christmas present. I understand that it was the holidays. I reserved 4 rooms, 10 months in advance, this was not a last minute trip. I will not be back to this establishment.",2
4488, December 2017,Row NYC in December.,"Small room, even though I booked a larger one. Location was good, near Time Square and theatres. The place was nothing fancy, but it fulfilled my need. I wouldn't book it for a vacation stay if my wife was with me.",3
4489, December 2017,Nice place to stay in NYC,Good stay; good location; no problems; staff good; Enjoyed my stay; small bath could use more shelves and towel hooks. Didn’t find the bar too friendly. News stand didn’t carry local papers. Elevators very efficient.,4
4490, December 2017,The quality if this hotel had changed for worse,"Heating system to noisy, impossible to sleep! Frontdesk attention very poor by phone! And I found pantties from the previous guest in my room...so...all said. It is a pitty because the location is great.",2
4491, December 2017,Beantown to the Big Apple,"We frequent the Row NYC often and always enjoy our stay. On our recent visit we got a nice surprise by a room upgrade with treats waiting in the room, great way to start our weekend. We’ll be back! Thank you Maurizio Bonivento.",5
4492, December 2017,ROW NYC- Christmas Trip,"We were very content with the overall experience. The hotel is centrally located to everything, and the staff are very nice and helpful. The young lady at the front desk was wonderful and gave us great suggestions to maximize our NYC experience when asked. Love the decor and atmosphere of the hotel, it feels like an escape from the chaos of the outside world. Absolutely loved the beds - I cannot remember when I slept so well and comfortably - like sleeping on a cloud. Will definitely be staying at ROW NYC again.",5
4493, December 2017,recommendations,everything was perfect the location of the hotel is ideal and the attention is excellent .. if you would put more staff in the reception.. and the rooms a little more comfortable for having been a luxury room,3
4494, December 2017,Perfect Location for a quick NY visit!,"Perfectly located near a subway station, broadway theatres, Time Square, Hell's kitchen food streets. Hassle free 3 days stay in NY was made easy. A stone throw away from the musicals (Hello Dolly! & Kinky Boots) I was watching really helped especially with bitter cold. The rooms are nothing to shout about. But the location was perfect for me.",4
4495, December 2017,Great Location,"I had stayed here many year back when it was the Milford Plaza, Place has been cleaned up since it's in a great location hotel is clean, Room was cleaned by very professional staff every day, I had a query re the safe in the room and within two minutes staff member was at the door and reset the safe. There are obviously much nicer places to stay in NYC but I'd rather stay at ROW for a decent price and spend the cash in NYC !",5
4496, December 2017,Poor service,"The hotel was in a great location, but when I got there check out was at 4:00pm at I was there at 10.30, then going to the concierge to get info , they were not friendly . When I checked in the desk clerk said he have someone take care of bring my bags up in the room that was put up for me when I checked in , I got to the room and waited for almost two hours for my bags, then I had to call for my bags, the clerk never gave the guys my bags they were not given my baggage tags. The carpet was really dirty.",2
4497, December 2017,ROW NYC,"We had a very nice stay at your hotel. We liked that we were able to check out, but leave luggage in check room, so we can still see attractions in NY. Then pick up bags afterwards to leave. We had a great view from our room.",4
4498, December 2017,No personal engagement. Noisy. Not clean.,"Very small room for four people, aware this is a Midtown Manhattan thing. Wont say hotel is dirty, but it is not clean and many of the trolleys the cleaning staff are using are standing in the gangways. We stayed over NYE, extremely busy which meant long waiting hours for elevators.",2
4499, December 2017,Good value!,"Room and bathroom are on the smaller side. TV remote was missing. Room was clean, bed comfy! Check in and checkout was a breeze. Put on 19th floor with great city view. Price was a good value. Would definitely go back again.",4
4500, December 2017,Fantastic check in by Junior,"Ideally located for Times Square, Broadway theatres, restaurants and much more. Well appointed rooms - albeit a little on the small side - and a check in (by Junior) was fantastic. Lift / elevator system slow. Thank you.",5
4501, December 2017,Keep looking. This is a lousy choice.,"This hotel has great access to Times Square and therefore, to the whole public transport system. The city kitchen has great options to eat. The staff was short of rude. The check in girl was particularly unpleasant. Wouldn’t have minded leaving on the spot if it wasn’t because our room was already paid for. Our amazon packages had to be repeatedly claimed to get them (don’t know what would’ve happened if we didn’t claim them). It is not true that they provide free wi-fi and it is not until you book and pay that they send an email that says that you will be charged $33/per night at your arrival!!! I thought that was preposterous. The room was small and the cleaning was so so... It was an overall lousy stay at that hotel.",1
4502, December 2017,Poor customer service or maybe it's a New York thing?,"Tried getting a hold of the front desk three times and the first I was transferred to reservation and they transferred me back to the front desk where I was put on hold for 10 minutes then hung up on, called back and was transferred to a guest room which really confused the guest ... third time I asked if I could request an early check in and was told they would find out and put me on hold and forgot about me I'm assuming because I only waiting 20 minutes then hung up. When I got to the hotel I was told the upgrade I requested was. Or available for early check in so I said it didn't matter I would take anything ! She then asked for a form a credit card for incidentals because I payed on Expedia (I know hotels hate third party's but I was using points and that the website my",2
4503, December 2017,Not recommended,"Check in was slow and staff was rude. Heater in the room made tons of clanking noise every time it turned on. Bath tub was dirty. I ordered a coffee from the bar in the morning and the bartender told me it was on the house. After I added cream and sugar, another bartender called me over and made me pay $3.50 for drip coffee. I let him know it's not right since the other employee said it was free. He did not care and required I pay. For $300, I felt ripped off.",1
4504, December 2017,"fantastic location, but mediocre service","Great location, very close proximity to all the theaters, nice hotels, and Carnegie Hall, and central park. If you don't spend too much time in room, it is fine. The food court downstairs are very handy,",3
4505, December 2017,Flirty Hotel close to Time Square.,"Row Hotel is an old building in Midtown Manhattan verte close to Time Square and Broadway' s theatres. This flirty hotel it has been renovated so it has functional tiny rooms, we stayed in 22° floor. Conected with Subway and Port Authority Bus Terminal.",4
4506, December 2017,great hotel,"Having lived in NYC, we always stay at the Row when we return home to visit. It's centrally located to all the splendors the city has to offer. The rooms are comfortable, clean and welcoming. The staff has always been great. Thanks.",5
4507, December 2017,"Noisy, overcrowded Hotel. Only thing is location, but sure there are better alternatives","I found the hotel very noisy and overcrowded. Staff was always very busy and not ready to help. They charge $30 facilities fee for ""internet use"" (?). Corridors were not clean, rooms small and not very comfortable.",1
4508, January 2018,The city that never sleeps and neither will you,"This hotel is in a great location but it is BUSY and noisy. It looks great as you arrive with a nice bar area. But then you get to your room, decent enough size and decent bed but the bathroom is tired and grotty, when you shower you feel like you're on a ship as the bottom of the bath has come away from the underneath. However the worst aspect is the continuous drown of the outside extractor fan that runs the length of the building, your may also be unlucky and get a room near the ever whoosing elevators. But the main infuriating issue is the archaic heating with a mind of its own that screams and screeches into action at 2am then 4am, even when the thermostat says off. What's worse is that when you complain they are already aware of the issues "" yes its the ventilation, it",2
4509, December 2017,Just once,"It’s in a good place of NYC. People very kind, but I think that room was a litte small and we have some problems with bad smell in the bathroom. I had a good time there, but definitely I will try another place in my next visit to NYC.",3
4510, December 2017,Location and value.,"We always enjoy the ROW NYC experience. Used to come here as the Milford Plaza! It is close walking distance to many theatres and Times Square. Nice fitness center, clean rooms. We will be back. Check in is a breeze.",4
4511, December 2017,Shantelle is awesome behind the Row desk!!,Customer service and technology in the Row - along with great location for the price - along with awesome eats next door - makes this our go-to hotel. We are frequent one night stayers as we live close to NYC and my daughter auditions in NYC frequently.,5
4512, December 2017,Row NYC very central,Hotel was 5 min walk from Times Square. One block away from our Broadway show. 5 min walk away from our 4 star restaurant. 15 min walk from Rockefeller Center/ Bryant Park and Penn Station. The hotel has a great bar and restaurant with great choices of food and coffee shop. Room was clean and you quiet and you never had to wait for an elevator. Definitely recommend to a friend and will definitely stay there in the future. If you do take a Uber it will only cost you a few dollars ..:that’s the way to go these days!!! Security is great inside the hotel always saw police or men in security uniforms. We always felt safe. Will definitely tell all our friends and family.,5
4513, December 2017,Great Theater Location,"The location of the hotel is excellent for anyone going to the theater. A very close walk to Time Square and a manageable walk to Penn Station, Rockefeller Square and Central Park. There is an attached small food court with very good food for breakfast and lunch meals, along with the hotel’s cafe. At night they had live music at the bar. The rooms were clean, but ours was very small. My big complaint is there was no coffee in the rooms, or available for hotel guests in the lobby.",3
4514, December 2017,"Staying at the Row NYC hotel: great hotel, but I found the charges policies a little complicated.","There is a lot of taxes and fees per day in New York, si sometimes the info could me confusing. I did receive an email, but it was a little dificult to understand. So the last day I was charged with antes extra payment that I did not know. In other words i has tomado pay more after what I had paid before on line. It could be a good idea to explain this to customers. Sometimes it is assumed that people understand all the info, but that is not necessarily the case. Despiste that, the hotel is in an excellent location and the prices are okay.",4
4515, December 2017,BEST Hotel in Manhattan!!,"Been going here for 3 years to see the snow, shows and sites. They are so very convenient, close to Time Square, Shows, good food, shopping. Friendly and very good staff. Most comfortable beds and awesome pillows! Got free continental breakfast every am and it was a great savings to our food budget. All round the only hotel I would ever stay at.",5
4516, December 2017,Worst Hotel Ever,"This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Whilst reception looks impressive, our room was absolutely disgusting. The security lock was pinned together with a pen (this was fixed on the 2nd day), the walls and doors were generally filthy and covered in hair, paint was peeling off the woodwork, laminate was coming away from the drawer units, brown water came out of the taps and the air con unit was so old and noisy it was impossible to sleep. I asked on 4 separate occasions for the filth in the room to be cleaned properly (whilst providing them with photos) and nothing was done (even though I was told it would be). I was then asked to email the front office, which I did - but never received a response. In the end I gave up. From what I can tell this wasn’t a one",1
4517, December 2017,Excelent location. Good in general.,The lobby is big and quew to checkin. Rooms are small and bathrooms very small and seem old. Heating or Ac very noisy. Tv didn’t work. Excelent location near Times Square. Good hotel for New York prices...,3
4518, December 2017,Avoid this hotel ... unless you like bed bugs,"Very very disappointed with the hotel for the following reasons: - Bed bugs, which resulted in bites over our bodies. We reported this problem before we checked out and was told that the room would be tested by pest control and we would be informed of the outcome. We have not been contacted by the hotel. - Very unclean room ... there were sticky patches on the bed frame and other furniture - Room was extremely small - Hotel was very very noisy ... we could hear everything in both the adjacent rooms and corridors - The corridors had an awful smell",1
4519, December 2017,My ROW NYC Experience,We always love staying in this hotel whenever we are in New York because it is very near everything. Very accesible and also it is secured. It is near City Kitchen and Shake shack our favorite. And near the broadways shows.,4
4520, December 2017,DON’T GO,Too expensive!!not the standard AT ALL of a 4* hotel. window was so dirty it was impossible to clearly see outside. no shower gel provided but a basic soap called “body bar”!! ridiculous. rooms and bathroom small and the deco of hotel and rooms is so passé.,2
4521, December 2017,The only good thing was location.,"Room was small, very dry and so much static, the water was warm at best, no one would answer any questions, the lobby was constantly packed with other people, no one would answer about breakfast. The check in was fast and so was the check out.",2
4522, December 2017,Not bad for the money,Hotel has a great location to bus terminal and Times Square Easy access to metro to lower Manhattan as well Not bad for the money Rooms are very small Easy to go out for breakfast and dinner with all kinds of options available Shows for Broadway and Off Broadway all around tou,4
4523, December 2017,"Good location, dirty small room","The location is good, however, the room was pretty dirty and very small. Also, the room does not looks like the picture in the website or in expedia gallery. If I should rate the hotel by the room, it is 1 star hotel.",2
4524, December 2017,Slightly grim hostel in a good location,"The location of this hotel is good. Slap bang in the middle of Mid Town, it's walking distance to Hell's Kitchen and all the on and off Broadway theatres. It's cheap. Accommodation is quite grim though. Long, windy corridors reek of cannabis smoke and food smells. Rooms are small, very basic and in need of upgrading. The shower handle came off in my hand. The old ihome by the bed did not even have a power cable and left me wondering why it was there. Bedding is very cheap. Grimly, on the night before we checked out early, the duvet was placed between two sheets and not in a cover leaving us wondering how often duvets in cheap hotels are washed. Stay some where else if you can afford it.",2
4525, December 2017,Great location with a great price.,"At just 1 square1square from times square I think is the best option to overnight, everything is near. The great thing the price. Also the design of the rooms, lobby and amenities make this hotel to look modern. Everything was great during my stay.",5
4526, December 2017,Disappointed,"A very dark , dated hotel . In a good location. Small rooms and Quite snug for a family . Many young people who treated the hotel like a youth hostel. Very disappointing for my husband ‘s special 50th birthday .",3
4527, December 2017,Christmas NYC,Good value and location. Some things could have been made better but overall an enjoyable stay. Staff was very friendly except for front desk people. Elevators were plenty and easy to use. Wish there would hvae been more of a breakfast dining area.,4
4528, December 2017,Tiny room,"I did not enjoy my stay here. The room is very small for 2 people. In the morning housekeeping walked in to the room twice when we were in bed. If your not bothered about comfort and just want somewhere to dump your luggage and grab a shower stay here. However, after a long day sightseeing and shopping this wasn’t the hotel to relax in and get a good nights sleep. It’s very noisy too.",2
4529, December 2017,poot,"was here for breakfast ... slow/poor service (even rhe place was almost empty), cold coffee ... not worse the money they charge you. any other place is better. i had teo scones snd they raste very good, that‘s why 2 stars",1
4530, December 2017,Great Location,"The location of this hotel is its most redeeming quality. It has a hip vibe inside, but the rooms are very small. The bathroom door would not close. The shower was really good though. Great place for just a place to sleep so that you can spend most of your time taking in the city.",4
4531, December 2017,Closet with a Bathroom,"I could deal with the small room if I didn’t hear the people next door arguing for the past two hours. Paper thin walls. I just can’t win coming to NYC. Yes this is a room with a city view, that is a positive. But being able to hear the words spoken by those staying next door is not cool. What a disappointment. As I write this I can hear them arguing about the “...crappy show” she made him go to. Please help us.",1
4532, December 2017,ROW NYC needs to step up their game.,"Nice hotel, but it’s run like a factory. I didn’t feel,like a valued guest and this was my 4th or 5th time staying here. It’s a very busy place, but guests should be treated better. Not sure I will return.",3
4533, December 2017,A hipster hotel?,"Row NYC is a hotel on 8th Avenue in Manhattan trying to be some hipster joint but more like broken hip. The desk person who checked me in,didn't get his name practically snared at me when he said ""You have a standard room"" as though standard was below the place,but that is exactly what Row is ,standard,the room was small,decent enough. The free ice and water bottle ,WOW,the ice is on one floor,the water on another,who the heck wants to travel looking for water. It was nothing special,would most likely choose another place in NYC. I would have given them 2 and a half stars but you can only give whole stars. I checked in 12/23/2017.around 730ish.",3
4534, December 2017,Excellent location for Times Square,"well worth the price , great location , helpful staff , lots of modern amenities....nice hotel bar and city kitchen is convenient....secure , computer/printer access in lobby ...everything you need to enjoy your stay",5
4535, December 2017,Horrendous customer service and Discriminatory practices,"I am not quite sure where to begin; this experience was conclusively the worst hotel stay I have ever had. The trouble all began at check in, when I was not allowed to enter with my service animal (a three month old yorkie). When I attempted to explain to the hotel staff that I confirmed over the phone that this was a pet friendly hotel, they immediately dismissed me and delegated a security guard (who at the time was posing as the hotel manager I asked to speak with) to tell me I was not welcome and to find other accommodations. Yes, you read that correctly. Their idea of a solution to the obvious miscommunication was that I attempt to find another pet friend hotel in times square at 6:00 at night, the night before the event I was there to coordinate. I suggested to the",1
4536, December 2017,Christmas Holiday,As previous visits the location is one of the most important factors for staying at the ROW. Near Time Square and theatre district. Room rates are reasonable compared to other nearby hotels. Have been staying her since it was the Milford Plaza.,5
4537, December 2017,Noisy and smelly,The room was in the corner next to the elevator. It was so noisy all night. The room had a bad odor. No matter how much I sprayed room freshener it did not work. The windows were dirty. And it was much smaller than the picture.,1
4538, December 2017,Awesome - Always,"Great value for a way above average hotel. Room was very clean as were public areas! Great staff! Super nice and very helpful. The hotel has great amenities including access to City Kitchen which has awesome good. The hotel restaurant is great as well and a great place for breakfast, I highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure stays!",5
4539, December 2017,"central, stylish, convenient","Though the lobby was quite loud and busy I enjoyed all the amenities, a nice and comfortable room and the very friendly staff. Efficient maintainance staff too. Only thing missing: water kettle in the room for tea or coffee. Convenient location just next to Time Square, subway and Port Authority Bus Terminal. And we really had fun at the on site bar where the great TKO band plays live music session every wednesday - perfect farewell evening.",5
4540, December 2017,"Old, but in great location","You enter the hotel and see the grand lobby. The employees are wearing suits and you check in. Your room is small, but hotel was built in 1928, so what can you expect? We were on 7th floor, the walls are THIN. We heard our neighbors, the hallways and the street noise. The heat makes a horrible screaming noise when it comes on. It will wake you up at least 3 times a night. Beds have no box springs. Mattress is on a stand, so odd height. If you have bad knees or back, don't stay here. We had paint peeling off bathroom door and mold stains in small bathroom. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The accommodations are a Motel 6. If you are looking just for some place to crash, then you've found it! A honeymoon couple next to a family would be horrifying,",3
4541, December 2017,great location and price,"This is the fourth year in a row staying at Christmas time. consistent service. will stay again. everything is within walking distance. City Kitchen food court very convenient and good, but great restaurants are around the corner in Hell's Kitchen.",4
4542, December 2017,Location Location Location,"One of the best Times Square located hotels. This Hotel is within 15 to 30 walking minutes of all the places I wanted to get to. ROCKEFELLER CENTER, LINCOLN CENTER, TIME WARNER CENTER, MAFISON SQUARE GARDEN, CENTRAL PARK....and minutes to the new Times Square attractions, National Geographic and Gullivers travels. Reasonably priced although we travel near or doing the big holidays but check for discounts as we always catch them. Clean rooms and friendly staff.",4
4543, December 2017,Weekend Trip,"The hotel is in a great location because most of the tourist attractions we went to see were within walking distance. The staff was very friendly and helpful as well. I like the elevator assignment system but the elevator cars were very tiny. The room was also very cramped with very basic amenities. Overall, it was a great place to stop and rest between exploring the city.",3
4544, December 2017,"Location, Location, Location","We have stayed at the Row NYC several times over the years, and we have LOVED it every time! Located just a block from Times Square and right in the heart of the Theatre District, it's a prime location for shows, shopping, and everything in between! The staff is always friendly and helpful, offering insider info to navigating the City and making the most of your stay. The room is always clean, cozy, and comfortable. We try to get a room with a view when possible because the views are spectacular. We are loyal Row NYC patrons and will continue to be for many years to come.",5
4545, December 2017,Small but clean and nice.,small but clean and nice. Room should definitely have coffee in it considering i was all the way on the 23rd floor. It would have been nice but whatever. Nice building. Great location. Nice staff. Expensive valet parking. But it is nyc,4
4546, December 2017,Mixed feelings,"If you understand what NY remodeling or refurbishment means, and so dont mind to have old light switches, dusty corners, old soor frames painted over and over... then you will be about just ok. Ok size of rooms. Modern fresh decor (but ask for an extra blanket. We are freezing). Ice machine in front is noisy. Paper walls. You will hear EVERYTHING. Lobby remodeled to seem an upsacle property, which it is not. Prices ok. Barhroom basic with poor shower pressure. But I would Come back",4
4547, December 2017,Size matters,"This hotel charges a ""resort"" fee that did not include bottled water as advertised. You can wait in a long line to speak to someone at check-in or check-out otherwise you help yourself to a kiosk where someone will try to convince you to go on a complimentary breakfast and speak to you about a timeshare. The ""standard room"" is TINY and would be better described as a dorm. It is not clean and the AC is very loud. They've invested all of their money in the lobby ONLY as the hallways and room floors are outdated, dark and have broadloom carpet and base. Great location but don't plan on spending much time in your room because they aren't good and beds are lumpy.",2
4548, December 2017,Awful,"This is the first time that I have been move to review a hotel. This place was an absolute dive. Staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. It took 90 minutes to check in. There was a ridiculous facilities charge for WiFi that was supposed to be free. The first room we stayed in was filthy and was next to the lift, so we couldn’t get to sleep. There were hairs all over the room and the bed. It clearly hadn’t been cleaned. We had to queue for another hour to complain, then another hour to check into another room. The new room was also very poor. This hotel ruined our stay in NYC.",1
4549, December 2017,"Great location for the price. Small, but comfortable rooms.","Compact room. Pack accordingly. Staff was friendly and we felt safe as their were people checking for room keys prior to entering the elevator. So easy to get around the city from here, theaters right around the corner along with Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc.",5
4550, December 2017,bad,this hotel is terrible. when I first went into the room there were no clean towels and no body wash. I called downstairs for more towels and they sent up wrinkled and unfolded towels. They did not have any body wash. I heard the elevator shaft very loudly all night. In the morning the maids barged in 3 times without knocking to clean the room.,1
4551, December 2017,Third time here,"So after having stayed at the ROW NYC twice before (once as the Milford Plaza in 2005), I had no issues booking it for a third time. The location is perfect. It’s on 8th Ave, in between 45th and 46th Str. It’s around the corner from Times Square and down the road from the Port Authority. It’s right in the middle of Hell’s Kitchen and Restaurant Row. And the rooms are reasonably priced. The Majestic, Schubert. Minsk theatres to name but a few are within a short and easy walking distance. Check in was very efficient. We booked a double room for 3 adults. The bathroom is small but it serves its purpose. The room as well has very little space around the beds but it’s clean and the small cupboard allows you to put away some stuff. 2/3 drawers under the bag table provide further",4
4552, September 2017,Comfort hotel,"The hotel is in a really good place if you want to visit New York. Boardway is around the corner and restaurant are near. If you plan to go to Time Square, this is the place. 5 minutes walking at a low pace and you be in the center of Time Square. Hop on - Hop off buses agencies are 3 o 4 blocks from the hotel making really easy to take a sightseeing of the city. At the time of my visit, part of the hotel was used for United Nations members which made difficult to use elevators as they make them private with police, it was normal to have a delay of 10 minutes in order to use one. Rooms are comfortable.",4
4553, December 2017,"Location, location, location!!!","The best location for Times Square, for the shops and restaurants and all the attractions. Stayed in the deluxe city view room with our son and wasn’t disappointed. Rooms are not huge but who cares: great room design, view, amenities and comfortable beds with fresh bedding. Plus you are not visiting NYC to stay in a hotel room but to enjoy this great city. Since our last visit 2 years ago we’ve noticed that the housekeeping needs to be improved as rooms are not as well looked after by the staff as they should, ie.not hoovered properly with the old dust showing by the skirting boards and corners. Perhaps staff need more time for each room to do it properly. However, regardless of that I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family as we love it ourselves.",4
4554, December 2017,Close to the action,This hotel is one of the most affordable places to stay in NYC and you are so close to the heart of the city. The breakfast bar has great food. My family have come back three years now to enjoy Christmas in New York.,4
4555, December 2017,Good value,A little noisy but overall we had a nice stay. Very conveniently located. Many points of interest close by and within walking distance. Staff was helpful and knowledgeable. Would definitely stay again.,4
4556, December 2017,Great place,"Great place, clean rooms, quick and wonderful service. close to Times Square which was great. We had a problem with our shower but as soon as they knew they switched our room. Enjoyed the water stations.",4
4557, December 2017,"Convenient, clean and reasonable $$.","Stay here occasionally because of price point, convenience to theater, clean, efficient. I would recommend if not too much more $$, an upgrade so have an extra sitting chair when 2 people are staying.",4
4558, December 2017,Great location but unpleasant to stay,"The Row NYC is in a fantastic location just off Times Square. It’s a bustling hotel and is very exciting when you arrive. Check in is easy. I stayed in a twin room with my step-son. We had two double beds in a relatively spacious room. At first glance, all seemed fine, but it became soon apparent that the cleanliness of my room was very poor. The room was dusty and the bathroom was frankly despicable. I arrived late and jet lagged to a bathroom that had dried on sick or diarrhoea up the walls. The fan was covered in dust and must have been there for months. There were hairs stuck to the wallpaper. I complained three times before a cleaner came out the following evening. The cleaner yelled at me for criticising her work and then proceeded to clean (only half of the mess) with",2
4559, December 2017,Disappointed,Dark and dingy. Badly lit. Place was as busy as underground / subway. Checking in took long time. Queue to drop luggage of was long and very cold and crafty as next to the doors. Seating in bar area inadequate. Seating in lobby non existent. Check-in and concierge desks look very makeshift and also badly lit.,3
4560, December 2017,Must stay,"A great place to stay, eat, and enjoy all of Manhattan. The City Kitchen has excellent food. Staff is friendly and helpful in every way. Room was clean and as quiet as a NYC room can be. You’ll be right in the heart of the theater and entertainment district 2 blocks from Times Square",5
4561, December 2017,Okay but small rooms,This hotel is modern but be aware the rooms are very small and you can hear neighbouring rooms. They are fine for an over night stay but for a couple to stay any longer the rooms are simply too small.,3
4562, December 2017,Ok.,The hotel was ok not really what I would say a luxury hotel. The rooms weren’t very clean and they are small in size. I booked Row thinking it was a 4 star plus hotel and didn’t read any reviews.....big mistake! If you like nice hotel rooms keep away from Row.,2
4563, December 2017,Great hotel,"The hotel is in a great location with comfortable rooms. The lobby has a great bar and several food vendors which provides a great place to enjoy your meal and relax in a nice atmoshere. We enjoyed all the services provided in the lobby. The wait time for the elevators were a bit long, they should work on improving this.",5
4564, December 2017,Lovely hotel in the heart of the city,"Stayed here when I visited New York with my sister for four nights in December. Lovely hotel you’re really in the heart of the city and everything’s within walking distance. However, we were disappointed on arrival to not be staying in our room we booked but the hotel staff informed us that we would be in our original room the next day, and would receive a refund, which we did. The majority of the staff were helpful and welcoming but although breakfast at district M was nice we found it overpriced for what you receive so we ate out most days.",4
4565, December 2017,Best Christmas Ever!,"The 2-night package deal with American Airlines is an amazing find. This trip is my Christmas present to my teen-age daughter. The hotel's proximity to Broadway theaters is a treat for my daughter who is passionate about anything musical, and theaters. We had a blast staying up after midnight exploring Manhattan, and safely walk back to the hotel with smiles in our faces.",5
4566, December 2017,Very convenient!,"Very well situated hotel, everything aspect were very good: staff at reception, room, restaurant on the premise, etc. We enjoyed very much our stay. The restaurant with floor to ceiling was very enjoyable with a lot of choices for the cuisine. The bar is very well conceived very good choice of pastries and coffee in the morning a lot of space to sit.",5
4567, December 2017,Okay for the price - but great location for theater shows,"Not a bad hotel, just need to improve upon some things. The elevator system is inefficient and frustrating; only having certain elevators go to certain floors. I think the idea sounds good, but the execution of it results in sometimes only 1 elevator to take, jam packed elevators when they do show up, and ridiculous wait times for them, because even when one finally shows up, it's too full to fit anyone else on, so you're forced to wait for another one, that my be just as full.",3
4568, December 2017,Hit or Miss - 2nd visit different than the 1st,"We stayed here for the second time this week after having a fantastic experience here in June. Still, the location is superb to all things NYC - times square, theaters, food. Very nice lobby and easy check in. Last visit we had a very good sized room with a good view. This visit was a much smaller room with no view (there was a window but looked into part of another building). The windows were filthy on the outside so much that you could not see clearly out of them. This trip we were in room 831 - near the elevators, but TOO near the elevators. The sound of the elevators going up and down was EXTREMELY loud - woosh woosh woosh and mechanical noises all day and all night - the elevators even caused the bed and floor to vibrate. The hotel was full so moving was not an",3
4569, December 2017,Vacations in NYC,We stayed 8 nights at the row nid-décember Edith my wife very good hôtel in NYC We recommend It Subways are just above the hôtel very good emplacement Literie is of good quality Rooms are cleaned and the price is very ok for NYC,5
4570, December 2017,Clean and convenient,"I love this hotel. Very clean and perfect location for the theater district. I felt safe traveling alone, as well. The desk clerk was very friendly and professional. I will stay there again with my family or solo.",5
4571, December 2017,Telephone Hell,"We were looking forward to our trip to New York but a family emergency out of state has caused us to have change our plans. For the past 2 days I have been trying to contact the Hotel to change my reservation. I have place no fewer that 15 calls to the hotel and I either got placed in the automated call router, which never got picked up, or when selecting from the menu for reservations, the call got disconnected. I finally did get someone, I was told that without a Doctor's note there was nothing they could do. The family emergency was out of state, not easy to get a Dr and giving the hotel Health information is against HIPAA, because it is unlawful to divulge other people's Health Information. So, I have forfeited our reservation and the associated cost. There are many",1
4572, December 2017,Great hotel,"My family and myself stayed at this hotel from 8th to 12th December 2017. After reading the reviews I was a bit sceptical John Tough staying here, but there was nothing to worry about. They do ask for a fee to be paid per night for the room which you don't get back. Check in was quite quick, the lifts weren't too bad either we stayed on the 7th floor. The room was as described and everyone were friendly. Cleaning service was every day. We didn't have to pay extra for Wi-Fi or the tv or safe in the room, and we could phone local United States numbers or landline numbers in the UK from our phone in the room. We never had any problems at all and would definitely stay here again and recommend it. We didn't realise how central this hotel is for everything either.",5
4573, December 2017,Rude staff,"I had booked two rooms for 8 nights in December 2017. Arrived at hotel to find that rooms were not interconnected nor were theyon the same floor! Reception staff at check in were extremely dismissive of the fact that I was travelling with my 3 teenage children and were rude and disinterested. One of the rooms was so tiny that we could not undo two suitcases in it. I had to ask to be moved to a larger room the next day on the same floor as the other room I had booked. Also, beware that, when you arrive, there is an additional charge of about $30 per night per room for wifi and amenities. This is a joke. The hotel is in a very convenient location, close to subways, Times square and Broadway but the lack of hospitality would make me look elsewhere next time.",2
4574, December 2017,Excellent stay!!!!,"We are on our last night at the Row and have had a superb time, cannot fault it!! Easy check in, brilliant quick elevator system and a very clean room on the 26th floor with a fantastic view of the city from the skyscrapers right down to the Hudson River. Rooms are adequately sized with a big flat screen tv and every time we returned it had been cleaned and with new towels and sheets every day! The bar area is very smart and does great pizza at night (not cheap but then again it's central New York!) and the City Kitchen through from the bar does a variety of food at each stall. The food court across the road is superb with all kinds of takeaway food. You really are spoilt for choice being so central to everywhere and having the subway round the corner for easy access to",5
4575, July 2017,Awesome hotel,We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Originally chosen for the price and location (one block from Times Square). The hotel was very clean and the beds were super comfy. The hotel itself is very cool with tasteful decorations and a delicious food court next door.,5
4576, December 2017,Great location!!,"This was a great location.. middle of all the action.. restaurants, theatres, buses. The elevator system was great.. never had to wait going up or coming down.. speedy check-in.. needed a little more help at concierge desk and food was pricey.. overall decent for price!!",4
4577, December 2017,great location,This was our first time to NYC! We did this as Christmas gift to our kids!! Could not have picked a better place to stay! The Location was perfect and the staff was friendly and helpful. Was impressed that after you check out they will still take care of your luggage.,5
4578, December 2017,4th stay and I would return to the Row,"I’ve stayed at the Row 4 times now and it’s very consistent, can’t beat the room rate and location. The front desk staff are always friendly and welcoming. The rooms is a little tight but it’s NYC. The beds are comfortable so if you aren’t planning on spending much time in your room I definitely recommend this hotel, I haven’t been disappointed yet,",4
4579, December 2017,Revisit of ROW NYC,Very nice hotel in a great location. The services got a better quality the last years. The checkin and checkout are fastest as before. We were received by Junior with very good tips of New York. Is good to have someone speaking Portuguese,4
4580, December 2017,Great Hotel!,Superior room is good sized and comfortable. Love the dedicated floor elevators that are fast and safe. Having City Kitchen next door with access from inside the hotel is a great asset in the cold weather. District M is a fun happening place. Within one block of Times Square and great restaurants. My room had great views and ample storage space. Check it out!,5
4581, December 2017,"Great location, Excellent place to stay.","Would highly recommend Row NYC. Location is perfect for travel anywhere in the city, either by foot or subway. Room was wonderful, stay were extremely helpful and the onsite bar, restaurant, and convenience store was great.",5
4582, December 2017,Poor experience,"Generally poor experience from arrival to departure- staff too busy to care - a bloody private rave in the hotel bar on arrival - hidden charges, blew our budget and we had plenty, noisy etc etc... will never book again",2
4583, December 2017,great weekend in new york city,"Excellent hotel for the money. In close proximity to many locations we wanted to visit. clean and efficient space, especially liked the elevator process and security guard at the elevator checking for room keys.",5
4584, December 2017,Close to Time Square which is good! But rooms are too small for the price. Facility fee quite high - never heard of it,Close to Time Square which is good. But too expensive for very small rooms! Hidden facility fee (very high!). Gym and breakfast not used. Only advantage is the location. Not very friendly staff. Xxxxxx,2
4585, December 2017,Great time,"The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the middle of everything going on, we walked to pretty much all of the sight seeing and show spectaculars. The Times Square metro station is just a few blocks away. We had a great time, the only disappointment was the so called continental breakfast, but maybe I had to high expectations. Overall if we do go back to New York most likely I will use the Row hotel again ✌️",4
4586, December 2017,ROW NYC Revisited,My second time at this hotel. It is situated in a fantastic location close to the heart of New York. Staff very helpful and courteous. The room is equipped with everything anyone should need from iron and ironing board to USB ports. If there is a fault it’s that the air con is quite loud.,5
4587, December 2017,Terrible Experience,"Terrible place. Very dirty. Rooms are extremely small; there's neither the wardrobe in the room. The staff is arrogant and unable to meet any of the customer needs. If you have any problem they just do not care at all about helping you out in solving it, although your problem concerns with the hotel.",1
4588, December 2017,Nice hotel. Great location.,"Nice trip to NYC at Christmastime. We have stayed at the Row for more than fifteen years, even before it was remodeled and re-named The Row. We always return mainly because of location. The hotel has great meal options in the City Kitchen. The rooms are very small but it's like that everywhere in New York. Being right on Theatre Row is very convenient as well. Staff are mostly pleasant. We were not happy that our maid asked us when we were checking out. When we said around noon she was not pleased. Also, the gentleman that checks your luggage to hold for the day pointed to the tip box and asked for tips which we thought was very tacky and unnecessary. They were mostly pleasant otherwise. This is a great hotel for a few nights even with some minor issues. I would, and have,",5
4589, December 2017,Quick trip for a Broadway play,"My family stayed here one night, due to the other hotel we were at was unacceptable. It was a quick trip, but we enjoyed the closeness of everything. This hotel was clean and close to the action of Times Square. We will definitely stay here again.",5
4590, December 2017,Great location. Mediocre supervision of housekeeping and computer/printer matters,"Assign more or better housekeeping supervisors. Between guests, floors should be thoroughly vacuumed (under desk, etc.). Clean black spots around silver fixtures in bathtub and under rim of toilet. These are disgusting to regard, and infectious. Hotel does not want an epidemic attributed to it, does it? Check computers/printers regularly...they break down too often and are too slow. Assign more or better computer/printer monitors.",3
4591, December 2017,Disappointed NYC hotel,"Beds are very hard. Water needs to be given to all guests, not just water bottles. Showers need renovation. The view is very nice, however walls are thin if you are trying to get a good nights rest. TV is positioned on an angle nearly impossible to watch from the bed. Lobby staff are almost useless unless you hunt them down to ask questions.",2
4592, December 2017,Horrible staff and horrible rooms,Worst hotel experience ever. The staff is rude and just dont care. The lobby looks nice but totally different story for the rooms. The heater stopped working in 20 degree weather and we had 3 little kids. The elevators are GROSS.,1
4593, December 2017,Left after first night,"I hate to leave negative reviews, but my boyfriend and I had to leave this hotel after the first night because we experienced poor service and poorer room conditions. We arrived at 2 AM to the Times Square hotel after a delayed flight, and were greeted by a broken computer reservation system. The staff finally brought us to the counter, and did not offer a ""please"" or ""thank you"" during our conversation. She also immediately charged us for a ""resort fee,"" which meant we had to pay for the wifi and other ""amenities."" The hallways from the lobby to the rooms were dark and uninviting. And when we arrived at our room, I immediately noticed another guest's hair on the carpet, and dinged furniture. During that first night, we constantly were woken up by a beating sound coming from the",2
4594, December 2017,Stay here for the location only,"I had been in New York for a couple days prior to staying at the Row hotel. I had to check out of one hotel and into this one. The line to have them keep your bags was fairly long, however it was handled well. The lobby and bar area is gorgeous, which is a little misleading. From when we stepped out of the elevator we knew the rooms haven't been updated. The rooms are super small, and there is no room to turn around in in the bathrooms. There were paint chips all over the floor from the walls and it looks like the door had been kicked a couple times. Just not what we expected from the pictures online. The location is awesome though, so close to a lot of good resturants/ bars and the subway.",3
4595, December 2017,Great Place to Stay While in NYC,The Row is very convenient to both the major sites in NYC. It is also very close to all transit lines. The staff is friendly and very accomodating. I would definitely recommend the ROW NYC as a great place to stay while in NYC.,5
4596, December 2017,Close to Times Square,We could literally see Times Square from our room window. So location is great. It was our first time in New York and we enjoyed our stay. The hotel was modern and always lively. It was obviously a very popular place to stay. I'm actually surprised it didn't cost more to stay. The rooms are small and basic. That was OK though because we hardly spent anytime there. It was pretty noisy being so close to Times Square but nothing that wasn't manageable. We were still able to sleep well. The room facilities are basic. Very small bathroom but clean. There are complimentary soaps and shampoos as well as fresh towels everyday. There are some hangers in the wardrobe and an iron available too. I was a little surprised that there was no tea/coffee facility but I don't know if that is the,4
4597, December 2017,Perfect place,"Perfect location.Near Times Square, Hells Kitchen ,Broadway.and Port Authorithy Simply close to everything. Best cost benefit of the region. Good front desk service and check in /check out. Safekeeping.",4
4598, December 2017,Great location but get the upgrade room,"So we arrived very tired from a day of traveling from the uk. Getting to our room we found the room to be very spacious but a very small double bed, no room to spread when two adults sharing. The room was clean and so we was happy at this point. When trying to get to sleep we noticed load banging inside the room. Called an engineer and he said it was the heating system and nothing could be done. It was that bad we couldn’t sleep. This room was on the 3rd floor. I called reception and she said we couldn’t move rooms till the day after but we give us a free room upgrade for the inconvenience. So we took that. The new room was nice, bigger bed and clean. We even had a phone docking station. This hotel is in a great location close to Times Square. Plenty of restaurants to close by.",4
4599, December 2017,Ainz79,Just back from first visit to nyc . Enjoyed our stay at the row . The location was perfect lots of eateries very close by and walking distance to times square and lots of attractions. Staff were very friendly the check in desk was busy but there were plenty staff so the queue moved quickly rooms are small but very comfortable and clean and are cleaned every day would defiantly recommend this hotel and would stay again if we are lucky enough to go again,4
4600, December 2017,First time in New York.,Hotel is within walking distance of many attractions. Rooms are small including the smallest bathroom I have ever seen. I would stay here again just for the simple fact that you are within walking distance of many ttractions and points of interest.,4
4601, December 2017,Do not recommend,"This hotel has the benefit of being in a very central location for a NYC visi. Despite the location the rude attitude of the hotel staff, the broken heater and the condition of the room (specifically the bathroom) made it a poor experience.",2
4602, September 2017,Nice and modern hotel.,"Very nice and modern hotel. Definitely more for young people. I feel a lot of energy there and I liked it. Clean and small rooms, but price can't be better for that location. Location is best! I will go back for sure!",5
4603, December 2017,Wouldn’t stay there again...,"Could’ve been cleaner, their heaters sound like they are going to explode and wake you up in the middle of the night. Thin comforter and the room was so dry we had to crank the steam in the shower....",3
4604, December 2017,"Noisy. App-crazy great, if it worked","Check in and check out apps don't work. You'll try on the iPads in the lobby only to find 4 people got in the line to check in/out with clerks. That's the line you'll have to eventually join. They're so app crazy that they'll send you email after email to check out. Fine print on the bill they throw under your door says you don't have to check out in the lobby. Breakfast? Why bother with clouted yogurt, day-old fruit when you've got 3 restaurants just out the front door. Sending luggage to hotel via UPS is a great idea. But this is the 1st hotel to charge me for accepting a medium sized roller luggage. And the charge was a chunking $45. So much for tipping the guy to deliver to your room. Gym was pitiful.",3
4605, December 2017,The ROW,Nice hotel. Clean and comfortable. Room was small and the bathroom was tiny. No place to put toiletries. The restaurants in the hotel are convenient but expensive as is all restaurants in Time Suare. Overall the location can’t be beat for access to Broadway shows.,4
4606, December 2017,Nice for NYC Visit,"Hotel was in a great location for easy walks to Times Square, the Broadway Theater district, Rockefeller Center etc... A typical NYC hotel, older with small rooms but overall a nice stay. would recommend it. Two blocks from the Port Authority Transit Center",4
4607, December 2017,Home away from home,"Beside the great location, clean and comfortable rooms, great place to meet old friends as well as make new friends in the lounge. Have a glass of cheer, bite to eat and listen to a great band, it's all you could want for...",5
4608, December 2017,bad start but got a lot better,just got back from my fourth visit to new york and our first stay at the row. on arrival we had to struggle through a packed entrance of people collecting there cases. then we had to wait in a queue for over a hour to check in only to be told my card wouldnt work. the man on the reception was brilliant and helped us sort it out and finally got our room 930.what a dissapointment it was. we booked a luxury queen with a city view and ended up in the smallest room we have ever stayed in looking at a wall and water tanks. we complained to reception and was told we could move the next day. we were moved to 2305 a much bigger room with a fantastic view. the hotel is in a great location and the staff are very freindly and very helpfull but they do need to sort them queues out,4
4609, December 2017,Centrally located hotel,"The ROW NYC is very centrally located - close to the subway station and times square. The rooms are neat and the hotel’s service is good. Just the elevator’s availability isn’t what we expected. Located in the 20th floor, we sometimes had to wait for >10 minutes until an elevator arrived. Once we even took the staircase down to the lobby.",4
4610, December 2017,"Cramped, but clean","The actual room I got wasn't anything like the picture, nor was the view. I understand every room isn't the same, but it wasn't even close. Not ""deluxe"" by any means unless my understanding of ""deluxe"" isn't that of another's definition. No fridge either. The hallways and elevators were not air-conditioned and were stuffy. Other than that, the location was fine, the room was clean, and staff was friendly enough.",3
4611, December 2017,"Rude Concierge, Annoying Elevators, Loud Air Conditioning, Great Location, Clean Rooms",I have to tell that the location of this hotel is amazing! It's directly at the Times Square and great for tourists visiting the city. Unfortunately the elevators in this hotel are super annoying & the A/C in our room made a super loud noise when it turned on (we woke up because of it every single time). We talked to a maintenance guy but he just said that he can not do anything about it - it's normal. Then in the end we checked out at 11 AM and asked the concierge to book a shuttle for us. He just said that there aren't any shuttles for the day anymore - we would have to book a private car which is about 160 USD!! We said that we would need a few minutes. We sat down in the lobby and checked the internet by ourselves and found many shuttles for the day for 20 USD/Person only.,3
4612, December 2017,Outstanding,Clean and reasonably priced in the heart of Times Square and Theater District. Front desk staff helpful and polite. Walking distance to almost anywhere you'd like to go. No frills but is everything you need in a NYC hotel.,5
4613, December 2017,Stay Here!,"The perfect location, very friendly and helpful staff. I am so glad I ignored the bad reviews (obviously they didn't know what they were talking about). We were waited on immediately, check in was a breeze and we got the upgrades we wanted! I will definitely stay here on our next trip to NYC!",5
4614, December 2017,Great budget hotel,Me and my partner came here for 4 nights for Christmas. We were really impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel rooms and although they were small they were well equipped with everything we needed. Check in was quick and efficient but please be aware that the hotel will add extra tax charges (they do make you aware of this at check in though). They will also need a credit card on arrival to take a $200 hold. We arrived before our room was ready but there is a bag drop (the queue for this can get quite long so if your collecting your bags ready to depart make sure you allocate time to do so). The lobby bar was lovely and the free printers and WiFi was also very handy. Rooms were cleaned daily however the air con was extremely noisy so bring ear plugs if you are visiting in,4
4615, December 2017,"Hotel was nice, experience not as nice.","I had several issues prior to check in with my reservation. I reserved a Premium King City View room just shy of a year prior to my stay. I received 3 confirmation emails prior to check in, of which only 1 of those stated my room as reserved. After several phone calls and lots of hold time. I finally was able to speak with someone who seemed to actually care that I received the room that I reserved. Finally I was assured that the room I reserved would be the one I shall have upon arrival. Upon arrival, I walk into the room. Not sure what made it a “premium” room. The amenities of the room were similar or less that something I could get at a Best Western or Holiday Inn. And then there was the “City View”, my view was of a wall. The only way to city any city was to lean out the",4
4616, December 2017,ROW NYC,"ROW NYC was perfect for our Girls' Trip last week. The staff was very eager to please, the location and amenities were wonderful. So great to be able to go to The City Market for breakfast and not have to leave the building. We'll definitely return.",5
4617, December 2017,GREAT ROOM! GREAT PRICE! GREAT LOCATION!,Our room was very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We walked to all the places we wanted to go. The elevator system is very efficient. No waiting forever to get an elevator. The rate was very reasonable for such a clean and comfortable room.,5
4618, October 2017,The staff really let this place down..,"My stay here was October 2016 not 2017. Stayed in this hotel for a week. The hotel was nice. After reading so many negative reviews on the size I was surprised by the room, it had more than enough space for me and my sister. It was clean, tidy and the cleaning staff did a good job every day coming in and tidying. The staff on the other hand.. the front desk guy was rude and to a point aggressive when asking him a question. The guy who was storing our cases basically said tip or no storage which is kinda rude since I tip once I’ve received the service. You’d not go and tip the bartender before you’ve had your drinks would you? Location is fantastic. Would I recommend this hotel? If you don’t mind rude staff then yes. If you want a little customer service or your question",3
4619, December 2017,"NIce hotel, close to Times Square","Lots of negativity regarding this hotel but found it to be a very nice hotel close to Times Square, subways, theaters! Small rooms, does have a tv, no fridge or microwave, but all we did was sleep there. Would have liked a coffee pot as I’m a bear until I get my coffee. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. Our room was clean. The only bad thing I could comment on is the tubs are high and a little hard to get in and out for an older person. This was a weekend bus trip so not sure what the cost per night was.",5
4620, December 2017,See the sites!!,"Excellent position to have as a base to explore the city. Busy well organised hotel. Check in very quick lifts are really clever system. Room tiny and we were told on check in that we were right by the elevator and if not liked then we could change the next day, couldn’t be bothered to change as only there for 4 nights. It was very noisy and so was the heater/aircon. Maid came every day but for a small room with not much to do the room was left dirty in my opinion. There was a hair on the wall of the toilet from when we got there to when we left!!! Tv was good. Lively bar in lobby good atmosphere and cafe/ restaurant very good. I would recommend this hotel.",3
4621, December 2017,ROW NYC,"I've stayed at the Row twice in the last year. Both times our room was ready at the time we checked in. Check in was very smooth and timely. Although the rooms are ""NYC small"", they are well appointed and CLEAN! The staff are warm, friendly and helpful. I love the location: close to Times Square, the Theater District, subway stop, good food! Since I was there at the height of Christmas shopping time, I was unable to secure a cheaper rate therefore it was more than I like to spend. Oh well. Lesson learned - go off peak....",4
4622, December 2017,Claustrophobic hotel,Do not recommend if you do not like small rooms or small elevators. Very claustrophobic overall. The decor is dark and adds to the depressing feeling. The location is good for summer months because you can walk to Times Square. Just wasn't the right hotel for me.,2
4623, December 2017,Perfect!,"Staff was helpful and friendly as soon as we arrived. Great location to theaters, Times Square and Rockefeller plaza. We visited NYC for a show, to see the Christmas lights and to see the 911 memorial. A quick and easy to find subway ride to the memorial. Modern styled rooms were clean and we could enjoy city lights at night. Merry Christmas, Row. We had a great time.",5
4624, December 2017,Dirty dirty bathroom,"The location is perfect and the lobby and elevators are nice but that's about it. The rooms are small but that's normal for NY. The real problem was the bathroom... Stains in the tub and filthy toilet. Carpet was old and dirty, bathroom door didn't closer right... Not all channels worked on TV... No menu for room service... You can't rent movies from your room... So disappointed. The staff did seem nice though.",2
4625, December 2017,Nice place.,"Price was decent. Location was very convenient. Rooms were on the smaller side, but we knew that going in. Decided to do it because of the price and it was only for one night. Would have liked more of a sit down restaurant on the premises.",3
4626, December 2017,Wouldn’t book again,The pictures are better than the hotel. May look contemporary but not the cleanest. We stayed for 6 nights on the 16th floor. Room for 3 should have been a room for one. Bathroom was very tired as was the paint work. Toilet skimmed the door as you opened and closed it. Very noisy floor heater/air con unit. Lifts were very noisy too and there was some sort of generator that started up at 2.06am every night. Even though the rooms were made up everyday they obviously didn’t look for dust or dirt. I found plenty. Hotel was full so couldn’t change rooms. One thing I really missed was a tea/coffee tray in the room. I do like a cuppa when I get up in the morning. When I did venture down to get one from the hotel cafe they didn’t serve English tea. Plus points clean and comfy bed and,2
4627, December 2017,Terrible experience and what’s up with that elevator!,"Worst experience ever in NYC, and I am there at least once a month for business. What is with that stupid elevator. I waited so long, such an idiotic system. Check in was ridiculous and my room was not ready at 2pm, told check in is at 4pm. Never ran into that before. Very rude front desk staff. Never again!",2
4628, December 2017,Todo muy chico. All Small,"I found everything very small, the bathroom, the room and the bed. I did not like the hotel. The price is too high to even include a basic breakfast. I definitely would not go back to the hotel. Me parecio todo muy chico, el baño, la habitacion y la cama. No me agrado el hotel. El precio es muy alto como para ni siquiera incluir un desayuno basico. Definitivamente no volveria al hotel.",2
4629, December 2017,"Great Location, Average Service","Staff often appeared overwhelmed. Maybe upgrade the front desk clerks' work areas, so they don't have to use paper to raise up their monitor and keyboards? Bell service clerks weren't friendly and talked down to people on multiple occasions. Walls are paper thin, but that's part of staying in an old building. Within walking distance to all of the major landmarks.",3
4630, December 2017,Great location,"Great location close to Times Square and the theater district, otherwise a very average hotel. Front desk understaffed during ckeckout time and major checkin times. Clean but small rooms. Some rooms are very noisy, especially those close to the elevators.",4
4631, December 2017,Average,"Tiny rooms, the guy who was in charge of holding the bags while we waited for our rooms was to busy complaining about how the person in front of me didn’t tip to help me and get a tip from me, but the hotel is in a great location especially if you’re seeing Hamilton!",3
4632, December 2017,A breeze at check in,"Two things we had never been as a family to NYC I literally had 2 hotels booked one outside the city and the other the ROW NYC. The Row NYC was super convenient, across from Shake Shack , a food court and literally a block and half from Times Square. They do not include breakfast in the room rate which I was leary about the spending with a family of 5 but McDonalds was a few doors down and it was great to grab a quick bite for breakfast and coffee and head out for the day. The normal complaints about NYC hotels are the elevators are slow (they are NOT at Row NYC) We breezed up and down no problem and it was a full hotel. My advice would be for any families coming in set yourselves up for a TINY room and not much privacy. If you can open up your mind that the room is a place",4
4633, December 2017,Christmas at the Row,"Stayed at the Row NYC during first weekend in December. Times Square only a block away; Radio City and Rockefeller Center another 1-2 beyond that. Great location in the heart of midtown Manhattan. Service was very professional and friendly; check in and out was quick. Room was usual for NYC--small. But very clean. Besides, you're not in NYC to stay in the room. Would definitely stay there again as it is convenient for everything via walking or subways. Keep up the great job Row!!!",4
4634, December 2017,Business trip at NYC,"Hotel rooms at NYC is very expensive compared to other cities, ROW is in a great location, that is a winner. The check-in desk is a bit crowded, the bell desk is over crowded and when we finally get to the room the bathroom door is broken and there was no hot water until five minutes later, not good issue to have during winter. Overall for the location and room and price is an average hotel.",3
4635, December 2017,Right in the heart of the city,"This is the second time I stayed here. The first was for business, and this trip was with 7 other family members for some holiday fun. This hotel has excellent prices for the location. It is a short walk to Penn Station, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and the heart of midtown Manhattan. The location is one of the key features. The hotel rooms are small but you're in NYC, tough to expect much more. They are generally clean and the staff was very helpful. On both of my stays, I found the immediate entry way to be mobbed with people which was overwhelming but after you walked up a floor to the lobby, it quieted down a bit. The biggest complaint I had was that the elevators are extremely slow. The fact that they need to service so many floors, and the hotel tends to be full",4
4636, December 2017,Should be a 3star hotel,"Beds uncomfortable, noisy from other guests thin walls. Staff helpfull in changing mattresses. Carpets very unclean we bought slippers to wear in the hotel room. Location great did not try the bar or any other facilities in the hotel.",3
4637, December 2017,Last Minute Trip,I got stranded in New York City for a few days this past week and ended up staying at the Row NYC. This hotel has a great location! Right in the Theatre District and a block away from Times Square it's a great hotel if you want to be in the center of it all! It's very trendy and offers great food options with the City Market! Would love to stay here again!,5
4638, December 2017,NYC ROW,"Good price... excellent ubication, nice staff... take care if you send packages... the surcharge is high... It is very close from time square. A few blocks from subway and Port Authority bus Terminal. They also charge if you need to keep lugagge before you do the check in or check out...",5
4639, December 2017,Right ON!,"ROW, NYC is right on - Price, Quality and Location. Even the bed was very comfortable. 7 full nights of being in the very center of the action...Smack dab in the middle of theatres and eateries. Would stay agin.",4
4640, December 2017,NYC holiday,"Great location, close to times square and subway station Rooms comfortable but small, having city kitchen located in building was very handy with great choice of different food outlets Wait for lifts can take a while when busy Was our second stay at ROW NYC we enjoy the location",4
4641, December 2017,Wonderful first stay at Row NYC!,We found this hotel on the Hopper app and so glad we did!! Such a fun vibe and great location to all the action! The only concern was a few items left by previous guests but other then that we enjoyed our stay and wish we could have stayed longer! Definitely would recommend!!,5
4642, December 2017,Good,"Actually it’s every thing is near at hotel but a price of room is expensive and the elevators are too slowly , A room is very small and there are not mini bar and the water by charge and there are not a heater",3
4643, December 2017,Quite bad...,"Try and avoid if possible. Staff unfriendly, so dont expect any kind of “hotel” type service. Its more of enormous and busy hostel in the middle of nyc... Heating system made the room sound like a warzone, so had to sleep in the cold. 1c outside... Service lady barged into the room without knocking... didnt apologise. The location is the only thing going for this place...",1
4644, December 2017,worst hotel ever please dont tgink of booking here,"rooms are far too small, smelly, tje charges for sending packages are outrageous, the elevators take so long to arrive i had to use the stairs to get to my room dont book here you will regret it. talked to other guests they experiences the same",1
4645, December 2017,New York December 17,We stayed here for three nights in early December. We had a twin room which was clean and functional although extremely small with little storage space and no basic amenities like fridge or drink making facilities. The hotel is in a great location and I would probably stay again for that reason,3
4646, December 2017,Not worth it,We were first given the wrong room to. We woke up a couple as we walked into our room. Then I shocked myself when I tried to turn on the lights and I touched a piece of metal that was stuck in the electrical outlet from previous people who stayed in the room. My finger hurt for an hour after being shocked. Had to call and ask for the room to be repaired.,2
4647, December 2017,Great hotel for the price,"Excellent location, and very good pricing for midtown Manhattan. Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. Elevators can be a challenge at peak times since they are small, and the lobby is usually quite crowded.",4
4648, December 2017,Do not stay here,Overall this hotel was terrible. Short story our bathroom smelled like sewer we were told this happened when it rained/snowed. No rooms were available for us to switch to but when we spoke to another manager the next morning miraculously they had a room available. I do not recommend staying here.,1
4649, December 2017,"Lovely views, small room",We stayed on 21st floor and sacrificed a smaller room for great views of the city especially as it started snowing when we got there. Bed and pillows were comfortable. No bath. Never ate there at all so cant comment on the food/service. Definitely agree about people hanging around the lobby which could be a security risk as its right on 8th Avenue so anyone could walk in. Could also do with more people on the front desk as it seemed to be very busy all of the time. Left our bags there for a few hours once we'd checked out (by 12pm).,3
4650, December 2017,Great location,"We liked the Row because it was central to so many of the sites and restaurants that New York City has to offer. It also was not far from Port Authority. If you don't mind walking you can easily get to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Bryant Park.",1
4651, December 2017,Worst Experience Ever at a Hotel,"Upon arrival, we were treated horribly by all staff. Employees yelling at us to stand back against the wall or leave room for the stairs - yes, scolded rudely instead of asking. There is a difference in yelling in a polite voice to be heard and being scolded. That was only for the bag check. Walked upstairs in concert when to ask to check in, and the gentleman pointed to two ladies. Are your employees not trained to use their words like adults? We get to the check in desk and the woman wouldn't even smile or look up to talk to us. I gave her my card and ID to use. When one card was declined, I gave her my credit card since I was traveling and she looked at me and asked condescendingly ""Is this card even YOURS?"" Because I pulled it out of my wallet and it had my name on it, that",1
4652, December 2017,Great location!,"This hotel is in a great location. Quick and easy access to subways, several restaurants, theatres and Times Square. The cafe inside was handy for breakfasts and quick dinners. There's a great bar area as well.",4
4653, December 2017,"Excellent location, comfy bed.","Excellent location close to everything. Room was clean, beds comfy. Could hear outside noise although that is probably inevitable due to location, due to price thought tea / coffee facilities / bar fridge wouldn't go astray",4
4654, December 2017,Perfect location,"Decent hotel very close to all attractions, has a hostel style, some off the securty could be more friendly. Breakfast and bar area is nice but rather small. Ipad system at the reception are is unique but doesnt seeem to work well.",4
4655, November 2017,Cool hotel and great food options right on site,"This is a boutique hotel, so some aspects are a bit quirky but I thought appealed to us early 40 somethings. They had free collapsible water bottles in the rooms and every second floor had a cold drinking water refill station, i.e. no buying expensive and environmentally unfriendly bottled water. They have a nice bar area in the main lobby that seems to have live entertainment most evening and they can also whip up a mean cappuccino - so nice after coming in from the cold! Then there's the food court of some of NYC's more popular eats, all right there off the lobby - sushi, lobster bisque, sandwiches...great options! I would recommend this place and stay here again! Great location too.",5
4656, December 2017,NY Row Stay,"Very nice hotel in the heart of the city. Loved the location it was near everything, food, shopping and transportation. The tour we took near the hotel was very interesting and not expensive. The hotel staff were very courteous & helpful",5
4657, December 2017,bad experience,you took an initial hold of 457.14 and I only owe 228.62. I complain about this inappropiate conduct. .When I irrive they gave me room at 7th floor and noise was an terrible that we couldn´t sleep because of the lift.,3
4658, December 2017,Room with amazing view,"Stayed on the 28 floor with fabulous view of New York, hugh room, lovely friendly staff. You dont spend long in your room but it is nice to have a bit of space. very close to everything, we walked everywhere as its quicker.",5
4659, December 2017,Poor service,Generally poor attitude by staff in all areas but particularly catering who ran out of the basics (breakfast tea) and didn’t seem to care. Poor experience booking cars through concierge. Small but clean bedrooms. Very busy lobby areas and lifts.,2
4660, December 2017,Horrible hotel,THis hotel is horrible. Small dirty rooms. Lots of people in lobby and hanging around. Bathroom are super small. Do not stay here !! If it wasn’t for my company booking this place I would never have been here,1
4661, December 2017,Great base,"Great base , travelled with 4 friends and found the location to be superb. I have read some bad reviews about this hotel but I cant really see why unless you are someone who is spending to much time in the hotel and really need to get a life. Nice bar , clean room , good wi-fi, nice food if you want to eat at the hotel, great transport links.",4
4662, December 2017,My worst experience in New York City,"Did not appreciate being charged hundreds of dollars worth of hidden fees !! I did not feel like a guest, but rather a victim of greed. It was “union law” the manager John said. “ you are mistaken” we explained back but the fees were still there for a service that was never used or requested. $200 portage fee. Plus $132 service fee. We have the receipt to prove it. The hotel stored our bags which I moved myself before and after check in in this sketchy hallway...never offering to bring the bags to the room and God forbid should any of the porters help us after checking out. I have a long list of other complaints but the excessive hidden fees was enough for me to never return here again.",1
4663, December 2017,Not what you expect when you that much,"I knew that the rooms will be smaller and I understood that it was a three star hotel so I had pretty low expectations but it was a lot worse. Room was tiny not small, bathroom had a sliding door with at least 2 inches opening between the door and the wall, it's like you going to the bathroom with everyone in the room. $450 a night I thought I would get at least a better service. We stayed on the 19th floor and the window wouldn't close completely because it was broken and it was below 30 outside that night. We got to the room around 1pm so I didn't want to loose another hour or so for the to fix it. I felt like I was sleeping outside with the outside noise and constant breeze. When I brought it up upon the check out, instead of apology they told me I should've complained about",2
4664, December 2017,Very rude Staff and just not worth the $$,Staff was rude and not very accommodating! The size of room was tiny and my husband and I could barely fit in the bathroom at the same time! We were supposed to receive some kind of water bottle for water and after I requested it several times they never brought it up! The room was freezing and could never get it to warm up! Overall bad hotel experience for the money! I will not be back!,1
4665, December 2017,Access to uptown attractions,"The hotel is ultra-modern. It seemed to be a young crowd of patrons (we're in our 70's). It was difficult for us in the very small bathroom. The breakfast was great, but for some reason one of the staff(a woman), who was working behind the counter said there was no decaf coffee, However, when we asked another staff person, she got us decaf coffee. Great access to uptown attractions.",4
4666, December 2017,Strongly recommended hotel,"Room is a bit old, but not too bad. Bed was a much less comfortable compared to a Holiday Inn Express or a Hampton Inn. Room was very plain. Bathroom is good. Elevators are very fast. They have a totally different system of elevators, and we loved it. Staff is friendly. Lobby is too small for this size of the hotel and hence, it is always crowded. Location is absolutely fantastic - one block from Broadway and two blocks from Times Square. Airport shuttles from Newark and NY airports make a stop at this hotel facilitating a ""door to door"" service for pick up and drop off.",4
4667, December 2017,Great location!,We enjoyed our stay despite the poor concierge service. Both of the men we encountered were borderline rude and acted like we were bothering them by asking questions. One gentleman was almost 45 min late reporting to work and gave us a poor recommendation. He also claimed to make us a dinner reservation that the restaurant had no record of,4
4668, December 2017,Not a quality hotel,overall experience in hotel was poor. Bathroom renovation was second rate. It was so bad that water was trapped between the original tub and the plastic tub overlay. It felt like I was walking on a water bed. Spend a few more dollars and stay in a quality hotel.,1
4669, December 2017,"VERY LOUD!!!! loud location, loud maid staff, just very loud","VERY LOUD location, maid service very loud, just a very very loud location. probably would not stay here again. I understand it's Times Square and can't control the outside noise, but the inside noise was just as bad. room walls are paper thin, can literally hear the people in the room next door whisper.",3
4670, November 2017,Love the ROW,"My 2nd time staying here at Row NYC. Haven’t been disappointed yet. 20-30 minute walk to Penn Station & a 10 minute walk to Times Square. Friendly staff that seems to care about their guest! You won’t regret your stay! & if you’re looking for food, there’s plenty of choices all within walking distance.",5
4671, December 2017,Central location but disappointing rooms,"Our first impression of this hotel wasn't great as the lady at the check-in desk was quite rude. I had requested, and paid for an upgrade to a higher floor in the week before we arrived but this wasn't available due to lack of availability once we got to the hotel. We were made to feel that we were lucky that we even have a room as they were so booked up! The room we ended up with was on the 8th floor which was very noisy and very tired looking. It didn't look as slick as the ones on the website. We were able to move room the next day and dealt with a much friendlier lady at the front desk. The room wasn't available until 9pm but due to the inconvenience caused we were given the upgrade for free and free drinks for 3 of us. If you want to be near Times Sq this is a good place to",3
4672, December 2017,ROW NYC,"Great location but all aspects fairly average. Staff were not always the friendliest or willing to help. Receptionist was dismissive, telling me that I should use the express checkout when I was trying to enquire about leaving my luggage after check out.",3
4673, December 2017,Great location but rooms need updating.,Great location and lobby/bar & food court. But rooms were tiny noisy and needs updating. Have to ask for a room move as room 732 was so close to lift and impossible to sleep. Room change resolved. Food court was excellent.,2
4674, December 2017,Wouldn’t stay here again,"Let’s start with the good. The location is good, it’s pretty central mid town, the port authority bus station is 2 blocks away and all the bus tour companies stop/start their routes 1 block north and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Now for the bad. The outside and the reception make you think it’s nice, expensive looking hotel when in reality it’s a posh hostel. We booked a “standard” room for 4 nights in December at a cost of over $900. We got to our room and wow was we disappointed. The “double” bed was a large single, the room was tiny and our one of our walls was also the wall to the extremely noisy lift shaft. The hotel has 8 lifts, going 24hrs a day. Luckily I had been awake almost 24hrs by the time we arrived so managed to sleep through some of the",2
4675, December 2017,Average,"Was a little disappointed when we walked in to our room, was behind the air vents and was so noisy in there which we then went down and said and they kindly changed rooms, not very clean in the rooms, alright location probably wouldn't go back.",2
4676, December 2017,Fun place,I recently visited New York for a play. And stayed at the row awesome Hotel the bar was great the bartender Jared was a great guy he poirs an awesome drink. The room had a great view. The price is comprable to any other hotel in the city definitely I will stay here again.,5
4677, December 2017,Great location excellent staff,Having been traveling for 12hrs we were greeted by Junior at the check in that did all he could to welcome us and direct us on the best way to see all the sights. He made the trip an excellent one and we are grateful and thankful for his help and advice. The hotel was clean and had good facilities and a great location we would stay here again.,5
4678, December 2017,Good location,"We chose a small room because NY prices are very high. Twin beds, a small,desk and a tv is all the room offered, but it was nice to have a place to rest in a convenient location. The windows did a good job keeping street noise out, something we had a problem with a few years ago. We asked for an interior room because of noise but were placed overlooking 44th St.--fortunately it was less noisy than last time we were put in almost the same room.",4
4679, December 2017,Less than satisfactory.,"The hotel front desk staff was not customer oriented. In addition we found that even though we advised them of the problems with the heating/cooling system noise it was never corrected. Location was good for Times Square, Theater District and shopping.",1
4680, December 2017,Row nyc,"Just back from a 4 day stay at row nyc and would definitely recommend this hotel. Quick and easy check in and straight up to your room in the super fast elevators. The rooms are compact but have everything you need for a few nights. Super comfy beds and pillows and adequate bath and shower. We had no disturbance at all from the other guests, the room was warm and peaceful. Didn’t eat at the hotel so can’t comment on the food available. The most outstanding feature of this hotel is the location, it is literally in the heart of everything with plenty of places to eat and drink before setting off to sightsee. Thank you row nyc for a great stay, we will definitely be recommending you to friends and family.",4
4681, December 2017,As close as you can get to the center of Manhattan.,"The hotel is close to everything, staff is very nice and polite, 24 hours, the lobby is cool, everything is very clean and all was working, it was my first stay in NY but I would definitely go back and check in at the ROW.",5
4682, December 2017,Great hotel,"Considering about the hotel in location wise, the price of rooms is absolutely amazing. Check-in service was very well done and the room is simple and compact which is great, in my opinion. The necessities are all in the room and it is well air-conditioned as well. Definitely recommended to stay here if you are staying in Manhattan. Especially, Alone!",5
4683, December 2017,Helpful staff,"I had my return flight cancelled at the last minute. One of the desk clerks found another room for me so I wouldn’t be stranded. Everyone in the hotel was very nice, friendly and helpful. I’d definitely stay here again, the location is perfect!",5
4684, November 2017,"Average hotel, great location","I didn't rate the hotel very much. The lobby itself is very modern and chic but our room was a little bit tired. Also, the bathroom door wasn't really a door per say, it slid across so you couldn't see in but it didn't feel private at all which made me feel uncomfortable. It's just around the corner from Times Square and there are plenty of Subway stations around the area. I'd recommend getting a subway pass, we travelled round New York with ease and went to many different places. The key card for the hotel offers discounts in certain places but the reception desk will inform you at check in! Really useful. Wouldn't stay here again if I were to visit NY again. Opted for here as it looked really nice on the pictures but it didn't live up to expectations.",3
4685, December 2017,Overpriced Hostel,"Good for traveling students, but not for business travelers or adult vacationers. The rooms are drafty and without any amenities (no coffee maker). The ambience is poor. Spend an extra $100 and go to a chain.",1
4686, December 2017,Well located,"Well located. Plan for a busy lobby especially with large groups. Good food options attached next door. Elevators can be very busy too, so plan accordingly for ample time. Easy access to midtown and subway",4
4687, December 2017,"Great hotel, fabulous location","After booking our hotel, I started to read the reviews and there were quite a few negative. Well my experience was positive! Friendly staff at check in and very helpful. Bar staff were lovely! And the room was perfect - clean, tidy and on a high floor with a decent view!! I would definitely recommend this hotel and certainly would stay again!",5
4688, December 2017,Little gem in the heart of the city,"Brilliant!! Location is fantastic! Helpful staff, big rooms, fantastic value for money would highly recommend for couples, singles and families! Truly is a little gem in a big city! Only trouble we had was regulating the room temperature",5
4689, December 2017,Crimbo shopping trip,"Ok guys, Booked the hotel on line as we do, look at the pretty pictures book a superior room, when we arrived had to wait four hours room not ready, then go back to check in still not ready, can give you a better room on another floor, yep will take it, open hotel room wat do we get an adjoining room, not good not good at all, complained moved us to another room the following day but rooms are tiny ,old and noisy, don't think we will be staying here in the future. Apart from hotel being totally crisp, location is pretty good, bus terminal virtually opposite time Sq right on it. My advise pay a little extra for better hotel.",2
4690, December 2017,Vacation,"Nelson at the Valet/Bellhop Area was great. Rooms are small, which we expected but they were dirty. Sheets had hair on them and had cuts in them. Called 3 times requesting clean sheets, it took over an hour to receive them and when they brought them to us, they just handed them to us to change them ourselves. The next morning I requested the room to be thoroughly cleaned and it did smell cleaner the next day. Then the heating unit in our room made a loud noise and smoke came out if the unit. Maintenance responded quickly and opened the window. (It was below freezing outside) They had to replace the unit while we were out sightseeing for the day. Hotel is close to just about everything and has a subway station close making its location very attractive. Definitely not worth the",2
4691, December 2017,Don't Stay Here,My room did not have heat for two nights in a row. It was impossible to try to reach anyone using the phone in the room. This problem was not resolved for two nights running and I didn't sleep either night because of the cold room. Will never stay at this place again!!!,2
4692, December 2017,Room no 2618,Not to be recommended as room was small and hotel prices large not our best chioce by far. Lucky that we spent most of our tome out and about otherwise this low star hotel could have spoiled our holiday.,2
4693, December 2017,Excellent Location in Manhatten,"If I could, I would rate this as a 3 1/2 star hotel.It is not quite a 4 star.. The location is convenient to walk everywhere and the hotel is a very good choice as long as you are okay that the rooms are very small! We bought the continental breakfast package that worked out well although the hotel tried to charge us extra because the restaurant raised their prices! Rooms were clean but our room needed a few repairs that took a number of emails and contacts with the front desk to get complete. Overall. we would stay there again with lowered expectations.",3
4694, November 2017,Wouldn’t Recommend It,"Very unattractive lobby, dark and uninviting, floor of room dirty & remained that way, front desk staff not friendly, rooms very, small, not worth the money, breakfast not good at attached eating area - although I must say, the elevator service was excellent!",2
4695, December 2017,Nice Hotel,"We have just came home after a 5 night stay in The Row NYC ,the room we had did not have a view but the 1 my daughter had overlooked the Hudson so we were happy to go to hers on the odd occasion that we were actually in the hotel,our rooms were cleaned every day with fresh towels and toiletries left, check in quick and easy all the staff we encountered were friendly and efficient,the hotel itself is in an ideal location walking distance to most things and they will store your luggage after check out so if you have a later flight you can still make the most of your last day,",4
4696, December 2017,Clean Crash Pad,"Hotel is good crash pad for a couple of nights. Rooms and bathrooms are small. Very conveniently located to Times Square, theaters, Rockefeller Plaza, and restaurants. Service staff are courteous and efficeint.",3
4697, December 2017,Tired and Shabby,"Cons: The hotel is in need of an update. The lobby and hallways are dark and dingy and the rooms, while clean, are shabby. Pros: Comfy beds, Great location, close to all theatres. We Won't stay again.",3
4698, December 2017,Nice hotel-close location to Times Square,Nice hotel-close to Time Square. The bathroom was a little small but they do well based on the layout and space they have. The new check in process was FANTASTIC-used the kiosk !! The staff was very friendly and attentive.,4
4699, November 2017,Best hotel in Times Square,"The hotel is situated right in the heart of the theatre district, so it's always my go-to hotel whenever I'm in town to see Broadway shows. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, the rooms are cleaned and I also was upgraded from a standard room to an amazing city view room when I checked in. Only downside is the long wait at check in - even though I believe they now offer an ""online check in"" if you want to skip the line which I will have to try next time Overall it was my third time staying at The Row and I would go back any time.",5
4700, December 2017,Holiday Celebration,Really lovely hotel very busy at the weekend. Staff were very friendly and food was good. just one comment our room was nice but it just needed a new coat of paint mainly in the bathroom area and the walls are a little thin so noise from other rooms was sometimes challenging but overall nice modern and friendly and would stay again.xx,4
4701, August 2017,Staying at ROW NYC,"Hi, Stayed at ROW twice in 2016 and 2017, during the season though the rates were very high, the service got was good. No complaints. The front office staff could be a little more guest friendly, than just operate like computers.",4
4702, December 2017,not good,"disappointed, will not be staying at this hotel in the future!! made our reservation in advance and did not get the room we reserved. stood at the bar to place order bar tender looked right at me and did not come wait on me. and the bar was not busy!! overall not a good hotel!",1
4703, December 2017,Noisy hotel with small rooms and endless waiting to face indifferent staff!,3 words: don’t stay here! Check ins and check outs take forever because the hotel has many more guests than the staff can handle. Overpriced for the quality of rooms. Endless street noise. Slow Internet. Baggage disposals and collections take forever. Staff beg for tips. The only positive: close to Times Square,1
4704, November 2017,Small rooms,"For the price and getting a deluxe room with city views, I was expecting a little more. We didn’t stay the night. Checked out straight away and went elsewhere and forgoes the money to ensure we had something larger. Good quality if you don’t mind a small room.",3
4705, December 2017,Cockroaches and unclean room!,I am currently staying at Row NYC and have been relatively happy with our stay until our 3rd night when we got in from dinner at midnight and found a very large cockroach in our bathroom. An engineer was sent to our room and the situation was dealt with (he swept it up). We then just fell asleep and went out the next day as normal. We then came back to find our room had not been touched or cleaned which was very disappointing. When questioning it at reception we were told that we should have moved rooms the night before. This was a bit of a shock of us as this was not communicated (and who wants to move rooms in the middle of the night!). The manager has said that they will send housekeeping up but this is an inconvenience as we need to be getting ready for our final night,2
4706, November 2017,Wifi and excellent location. But thats all,Almost 1900$ for 7 days. No breakfast. Only two good things : location and wifi. 19th floor. Lot of noise. Cleaning not very good. No distinct row between checkin person and already guest. Old lifts. Old corridor. Had to go outside to find a fontanella and change floor for ice cube.no fridge in the room. The rest needs to be improved. Some nice people available at the reception during night shift.messenger and mail supoirt well responsive but not efficient,1
4707, December 2017,Brilliant location!,"This hotel was central to everything! It’s right around the corner from Times Square and everything was pretty much within walking distance. We were able to do an online check in before we arrived, which would have saved us the lineup, except the computer that issues the keys wasn’t working. The room was extremely small, like I’m sure all the hotel rooms are in the city. That didn’t affect the quality of our stay though. The bed was really comfortable. Overall we had a great experience and I would stay at this hotel simply because of the incredible location and value.",4
4708, December 2017,Surprised,Was disappointed. Much to be desired lobby was good.... rooms were not. Extra hidden fees for facilities. Not good customer service. Price was ok but not worth room in my opinion. Great location very close to time square. Located in theater district.,2
4709, November 2017,Great place at a great location,"Location can't be beaten: Two blocks from Times Square, theaters, and walking distance to everything else; it's great for a quick shopping-bags drop in the middle of your NYC frenzy. Hotel is surrounded with bars, grills, and every kind of shops to fulfill your needs. I had two rooms and both were tiny. One was wall-to-elevators and was noisy as hell, like sleeping next to the subway (no kidding). Fast check in and lighting-fast check out! Rooms and hotel are clean, WiFi should be better for the money they charge. I TOTALLY recommend this hotel, price and location are unbeatable.",4
4710, November 2017,Nothing special,"Again, there was nothing special. And the view we asked and payed for was a city view not a street view so we were disappointed when we got to see the view we had. Bathroom was clean but not neat so the bed was not made neat. Regular hotel with no regular price for a night.",2
4711, December 2017,great location/price,"very basic, small room but we only needed the room to sleep. We did not require/need internet or extended lodging else the room may have been too small for that. Staff was very friendly. Easy check in and out!",5
4712, December 2017,Always enjoyable and affordable,"We have stayed here multiple times and enjoyed. Highly recommend to singles or families. It is very close to subway, times square, and great food. Love that city kitchen is there without having to even walk outside.",5
4713, December 2017,Not with the money!,"My stay at The Row was so disappointing! I brought my three grown children for a six day visit to NYC on o experience the Christmas atmosphere. The Row has a good location, but our room Was such a disappointment! The bathroom was a disgrace. With leaking pipes with water running all over the bathroom floor, black mold around the bath tub faucets, and broken door knobs. I asked twice for these to fixed! Finally on our last day the pipes were fixed. The mold and the door knob were not fixed. The hotel room was so noisy and it was very difficulty to sleep. Our hotel Room window was so dirty you could hardly see out of it. I would never stay at this property again. Definitely steely not with the not with the money spent.. Zero amenities in the room. Other than a good",2
4714, November 2017,In the Middle of Times Square !!,"Out hotel is in the middle of Times Square. We were close to many theaters!! We were able to see three musical plays and also see the Rockettes, which is a definite must-see !! Rockefeller Center is about four blocks away. We were withing walking distance of Rockefeller Center, the subway, many restaurants, including Wolfgang Puck and Guy's. Very nice hotel with security.",4
4715, December 2017,Great hotel. Great location!,"Walking distance to Times Square. Clean. Well-staffed. Safes in room. Fast elevators. Bar in lobby. Quick check-in. I’d stay here again. Mac computers in lobby for printing boarding passes. Clean and classy. Loved it! Fair prices for NYC, too! Perfect!",5
4716, December 2017,PERFECT LOCATION!,"The location cannot be beat! It was 2 blocks from times square; we could see it from our room. A very short walk from all the major attractions and literally across the street from the subway. The food at City Café was awesome; the doughnuts in the morning were filling and quick, and the Lobster rolls were to die for! The rooms were modern and clean and a good size for the location and price. The water bottles were a nice touch as it saved us money from buying $3 bottles while out sightseeing. Check in was a breeze; we did the online check-in and we had our keys in less than 2 minutes. There was a long line though so be sure to do the online check-in! All in all it is a great deal and I would highly recommend it!",4
4717, October 2017,Excellent location close to Times square and theatre district,"Found rooms clean, quiet and adequate size. Other reviewers have said rooms were small but found them fine. Cold water available on every floor to drink. Room staff very friendly but reception staff not as friendly . Would definitely stay there again if I return to New York",5
4718, December 2017,Good location,"The hotel is in a good location well known to yellow cab drivers tiny walk to Times Square we have visited this hotel twice for location purpose first time we loved our room quite a large room and there was two of us but this time I was with mother in law and her sister and I was gutted as it was there first time the room was a let down it was tiny and we had the view of a wall and I did a lot of cleaning I’m thinking of going back in 2019 but maybe not to the row it needs some work and a massive clean up ,",4
4719, December 2017,Best place to stay near Time Square,Staff right from Christine at the front desk to the cleaning staff....bartender....DJ....all were so great and friendly. I've stayed multiple times and will be back again. Rooms are clean and modern.....all the amenities you need. AND a short walk to all the tourist hot spots. Love NYC Row!,5
4720, December 2017,Loved this hotel,Room was nice view was nice ... nothing else to say I'm forced to write a 200 minimum for this review which is extremely annoying sayinh I hate unpaid surveys ... hotel was nice tho. I plan on staying again,4
4721, November 2017,Nice,"Location is just perfect, specially for those who wants to see the musicals. A lot of restaurants, pharmacy and stores around. The only thing didn't like was the mattress and pillow, not really good quality.",4
4722, December 2017,Will Not be Returning,"My husband and I spent 2 nights at Row NYC. The hotel was total chaos. So many people, long lines to check in, long wait for elevators. The rooms were small which is typical for NYC hotels, but the decor was awful and more importantly the room was not very clean, especially the bathroom. The only positive with the room was the bed was fairly comfortable. I found the entire hotel to be a bit depressing, darkly lit hallways and dark elevators, even the lobby was dark. Yes, the hotel is conveniently located in the midst of times square but so are many other hotels. Others in our group stayed at a less expensive hotel also in the area, it was much nicer and not as hectic and loud being on a side street and not directly on 8th Avenue. We plan on returning to NYC for more visits",2
4723, December 2017,WHY YOU SHOULD STAY HERE?,Here is why: You want to sleep in a bed that is so close to the floor that if you have any difficulty getting up or down it will not bother you that you probably have to roll out of the bed and then get up. You really do not care if a mattress is not very comfortable and if the pillows are soft and squishy. You like drying yourself with a bath towel that is probably big enough to dry the baby child. You like going into an elevator that is always filled with some kind of refuse and where the halls are never perfectly clean. You do not mind standing online for a long period of time to check into the hotel because there is a lack of personnel behind the check-in counter. The room that was “refurbished“ has paint missing from doorframes and have doorframes that was painted over,1
4724, September 2017,The city not the room.,Excellent location and value for money. The room was small with two double beds and became tight with the addition of luggage; especially that of three females. We had an view to an internal yard which wasn't great but we where there to explore the city not enjoy the hotel room. The inclusive breakfast option was reasonable and a good way to start the day. The reception desk could have been manned more effectively as queues where common with other guests tending to become annoyed.,4
4725, November 2017,Extremely happy,"I would recommend checking in on the link and express checking out as the lobby can get extremely busy. Staff are helpful and nice the location was great, not even a 5min walk to time square. The restaurant in the hotel is one of the best in New York",5
4726, November 2017,Throwing 90 year old mom in wheelchair off the train,"Chaos checking into hotel. Over 600 people in lobby all wanting to check-in.i pre-checked and it did not help. I could not wheel mun90 yr old mom around lobby to find manager so she stayed in midst of chaos with the luggage. I asked concierge where was manager and he yelled at me that he works for another company within their umbrella. I had to break line twice to find manager who was helping only pre-check clients. He would help me because it would be rude to this long line. I explained about my mom and asked if he would like his mom to be in this havoc. He was expressionless and said ask them if I could break line. EVERYONE, OVER 20 people said yes and we’re so helpful. When I tried to check -in on the already pre-check-in, their software froze and he said I did not check in",2
4727, December 2017,"Excellent location! Clean hotel, pleasant staff","Close to Time Square, theaters and great food! Anything you forgot is within walking distance! Rooms are on the smaller side but clean. The staff was was great to deal especially the door men! Very helpful!",5
4728, December 2017,Great service!!,"Love the stay, definitely will be back. Next time I would like to check out the bar, wanted to but it was closed by the time we came back to the hotel. Room was great and the service was very respectable and nice",4
4729, December 2017,Great location,"Wonderfully located. Walking distance to shows, shopping, train station, buses, subways, restaurants and time square. Small rooms only slept there. No view or hot water in sink but water in tub fine. Unfair surcharge upon arrival for amenities not used. Poor Wi-Fi connection",4
4730, December 2017,A good NYC 3,"Me and my mum are just home today from a 4 night stay. My mum needs handrail access in the bathroom following knee surgery and have to say the RowNYC delivered on their promise and provided us with a suitable room for my mum. The rooms are basic yes, with little hanging space for clothes but the bed and pillows were super comfy. We did miss a kettle for those morning cuppas but apart from that we had a good stay. Yes noisy but we were prepared for that with ear plugs. Would I stay again, no probably not but that’s only because I like to experience other hotels and that’s all. Great bar for drinks, although expensive and access too City Kitchen which had a great choice. My only small observation is that the hotel is that big that it can lack that customer service part. Some",3
4731, November 2017,2 stars...,"I read a lot of reviews for this hotel before booking but I wanted to see for myself. First, checking-in took 45 minutes. Second, our room was the worst hotel room we’ve ever had. And working in travel industry, we travel a lot. The room was right beside the elevators. I mean, right beside... the door next to it. It was incredibly loud, day and night. The wifi didn’t even work in the room because of how isolated it was. That space shouldn’t even be given to anyone. You can’t put a customer in that room and expect them to have a good experience and come back. The room was very small but that’s what we expected and we were ok with that. On a good note, no complaints about staff or cleanliness. Location is however fantastic!",2
4732, December 2017,Absolute Disgrace!,"Stayed here 10 times. Room not cleaned in 4 days. Had to ask for own towels, toilet roll etc. The only good thing about this hotel is location it to be honest, you can get better hotels closer to Time Square for the same price as this place.",1
4733, November 2017,All that glitters is not gold,"We had asked for a early check-in and were even willing to pay but were not allowed one. Were pre checking-in and asked to come back at 4 pm the checking time. Did work a little better for us. When we arrived a little after 4 pm to Check-in, saw a long queue at the reception to check-in. What literally shocked me was that with so many visitors the reception only had two people to help in the check-in process. rest all of the check-in kiosks were empty and the staff were busy chatting with one another rather that helping visitors streamline the check-in process. We were given a room on the 19th floor, the floor had very weird and dim lighting. We were in a corner. The room was so small that we literally had no space with our luggage. Room spacing was too tight and we had two",2
4734, November 2017,Good Place to Stay Near Broadway,"Convenient location, clean and comfortable rooms. Consider this hotel if you want to be close to Broadway and the theater district. Better value than other comparable hotels in the area. Easy check in and check out.",4
4735, November 2017,Rough on the edges,"We checked in for 3 days. Paid a premium to have a view/ It was great. Otherwise, as far as the room, not everything worked well and also the bathroom was not very clean. Had to complain because our room was not serviced during two days.",3
4736, November 2017,Recommend,The hotel is in a great location. The restaurants attached were great and affordable. They were perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch before heading out. The room was clean and the staff was friendly. We would stay here again.,5
4737, November 2017,Fab time in Row,"Cannot fault this hotel. Excellent location, great food, lovely bar, staff really friendly. Rooms at the front of the hotel are quite noisy but it's NYC! Room and bathroom very clean and beds made everyday. Would definitely stay here again.",5
4738, November 2017,Number one for location and style!,Myself and two of my friends brought our mothers to NYC for the first time and couldn't have been happier with our stay in Row! From the minute we stepped outside the taxi we were impressed with the hotel. The lobby is so chic and trendy. Check in was so easy and quick. Our room was perfect - nice and big and most importantly spotless!! The bar and City Kitchen beside the hotel was amazing and so handy to have!! Overall our stay was perfect - I would recommend Row NYC to anyone!!,5
4739, December 2017,Won’t be staying again,"I have stayed at the Row/Milford Plaza at least 10 times prior to this stay. On arrival we were given a room which was a back facing room which had the noise from the heating/air conditioning motors running and which could be heard as we walk up to our room. On bringing this to the attention of the staff we were given another room. The next room was exactly the same but a bit lower down so we were closer to the noise. Finally after the third attempt and 4 hours after first checking in, eventually we were given a high floor room. Which was marginally better but which didn’t compensate for the horrendous start to our trip. We stayed for 3 nights and had no house keeping or change of towels, the rooms were shabby and the hall ways had strange odour. The Row/Milford Plaza had",1
4740, November 2017,Fantastic!,This was our Second stay at the Row The staff is friendly and the rooms are clean with comfortable beds. The location is perfect. It is close to everything. We will stay there again next time we are in NYC.,5
4741, November 2017,Christmas holiday,The hotel was in a very good location. Rooms were small but that is the standard in Manhattan! Safe & secure hotel for families. Comfortable clean beds. Security in reception was good to see. We shall return again one day :-),5
4742, December 2017,Decent value,Small and old rooms but clean. Comfortable beds. Check in and baggage check was very slow with long lines. Not a bad value for the city but not anything special. Good location near time square and lots of good food.,3
4743, December 2017,Not good,"Checking in was so late, never emailed me like they said, hotel staff were rude, not helpful at all. Room was so small, lobby was so packed, could not get by anywhere, location was overall okay but just too crazy. I was not happy.",1
4744, December 2017,Night Trip to the City,"This is around the 5th time that my boyfriend and I have stayed at The Row. The location is our main reason for returning, as it is located within walking distance of all our favorite food spots and entertainment. The lobby, bedroom, and lobby bathroom are always clean; however, we have had issues with our room's bathroom cleanliness, as there was residue left in the sink and on the toilet from insufficient cleaning during our last visit. We only stayed one night, so we didn't report to the front desk about our issue. Overall, I would rank this in our top 3 hotels we like to stay at in Times Square, but not quite at the number 1 spot.",4
4745, November 2017,Personal Privacy Violated - WILL NOT STAY AGAIN,"A travel agency helped to make the booking. I was very pleasantly surprised to find out that I had received the private suite room on the 23rd floor, which was lovely and very spacious (compared to the very tiny rooms my colleagues had mentioned they had. Check-in took about 20 mins alone but the hotel receptionist was incredibly nice. I arrived at my room around 5:30PM ET and had to leave for a 6PM ET dinner event. While I was in the bathroom, about to start changing, I heard voices and thought the walls were thin. However, after a little while, the voices / noises got louder and I realized they were coming from my own room. As a woman, traveling alone, I was incredibly alarmed. When I went to see who had entered, I found two men (a hotel security guard and a hotel worker who",1
4746, November 2017,I stayed for two nights and things were good clean and most importantly I felt safe. Close to time square.,"I stayed for two nights and things were good and clean ,but most importantly I felt safe. I am a balloon handler in the ,Macy's parade this was my fourth year and the second @ the Row hotel. Great location",5
4747, December 2017,POOR SERVICE AND ACCOMMODATION STAY AWAY!,"I have just come back from a week in New York and I can honestly say that this hotel was the stair I have EVER stopped in. The customer service was the worst I have ever experience. The check in staff was rude, no enough staff, obnoxious and very unprofessional. I will never be staying at that hotel again. The room where tiny and the worst I have ever stopped in. Paint coming off the walls, maids didn’t make the beds, mould on walls, reception staff where so rude I can’t tell you how unprofessional they where! STAY WELL CLEAR!",1
4748, December 2017,DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL,The photos you see on the internet are VERY DECEIVING!!!! The room was the tiniest room I have ever stayed in. The feel of the room was like staying in a garage apartment not an hotel. It was a very uncomfortable feeling. I would never reccomend your hotel to anyone.,1
4749, November 2017,Helpful front desk.,Cathy at the front desk could not have been nicer and always makes me feel special and at home. She always called me by my name and always has time to visit and give me good advice about getting around the city. I will always ask for her when I return.,4
4750, November 2017,The Row is the best!,"Best hotel in Times Square! Super nice and clean, and best service. We have stayed here to many times to count, actually since it was the Milford Plaza, and we will always stay st the Row. The rooms are clean, friendly staff, and great value.",5
4751, December 2017,Great location,"Small, but clean room with comfortable bed Rooms can be quite noisy. We requested to change it and they gave us a different room, with city view Great location, walking distance from many attractions Helpful staff",4
4752, December 2017,It wasn’t the best!,"Arrived at hotel, receptionist weren’t very friendly and didn’t explain anything about the hotel or how to use the elevator!!! You have to type your floor number in and then go to the elevator it tells you to, there are no actual buttons in the elevators! The room... it was ok. The beds were clean. The bathroom was half decorated, the shower curtain was marked, dusty and you could see be dirt in the corner of each room. Throughout our visit we didn’t receive any new towels, there was a mark on the one towel and remained in our room for out visit. Outside our window seemed to be some sort of fan that sounded like a jet engine taking off, would go very loud and then a bit quieter for half hour, but was constantly loud thought out the day and night! Did get used to the noise",2
4753, November 2017,"Filthy, chaotic, mismanaged...","I booked two rooms for six nights to treat my family, my mother included who’d not been to NY since she moved away in 1990, for a dream week in NY. ROW NY was pretty disastrous on nearly every level. The level of chaos that is a constant in the Hotel, is unmatched by any property I’ve stayed in, the world over. There’s an overall feeling of people who are stranded in the lobby, all times of day and night. The staff is very friendly, but dreadfully mismanaged, as the standards for cleanliness are sorely lacking. Our rooms were never truly clean, as the visible presence of dirt, dust, grime, stains (of what only God and the people who made them, know), and the common areas were constantly littered. The ice machines on two floors (ours included) were not working. When we asked",1
4754, November 2017,great location,"Perfect location close to times square, staff was attentive. Room was small but we didn't find it a problem. Great location for Broadway ticket holders, we would definitely stay here again, close to Juniors, Johns pizza ..overall a great experience",5
4755, November 2017,Not great,"Checking in takes forever at this hotel. The rooms are utterly bleak, tiny and dirty bathrooms are small. Place needs a complete overhaul. The location is good for theater going, it’s OK if you’re desperate but I wouldn’t stay again.",2
4756, November 2017,FDA007,"This hotel was the perfect location ....for walking and sightseeing in the area where we saw a show..,this hotel was very convenient and the city view was awesome .. Will stay again ...this place was sold out!!!!",5
4757, October 2017,Beware of being hustled at check in,Being in central Manhattan this hotel is very busy and noisy. You are now going to get a tranquil experience here! We flew in from London and had an hour and a half cab ride in from JFK to find long lines at check in. We were approached by a lady who we assumed was from the hotel but it became apparent that she was trying to tout for business for another hotel chain and invited us to a 'short presentation' this is the last thing you need after a long haul trip and to my mind the hotel should stop it. The hotel itself is quirky but the soundproofing is not good either internally or from outside.,3
4758, November 2017,A good experience in the center of NY,"We expended 7 nights in Row hotel (22nov-29nov). It was a really good experience. The localization of the hotel is great (the best of this hotel). The reception of the hotel is terrible. Always full of people going in and going out, with bags everywhere. The elevator is very deficult to catch. If you pretend to go out to dinner you have to take the elevator 15 min before. A lot of people around the elevators in the reception. Was very difficult to sleep with the air conditioner. It made too much noise. The guy that received us in the reception - Junior - was very kind with us. In general is a good hotel to spend your time in New York.",3
4759, November 2017,Outstanding location,"The rooms can be TINY, with no real amenities other than WiFi and TV, but they are clean, and the location makes up for no coffe pot, no microwave, no refrigerator etc. There is an adjacent City Kitchen cafe with numerous delicious selections on one side of the hotel and a Sweet Shop on the other side with delicious crepes, ice cream and desserts. All personnel within the hotel and adjoining restaurants were friendly and helpful.",4
4760, November 2017,Great location great value!!!,"This is the most convenient place to stay in NYC....steps to subway, Times Square around the corner, Rockefeller Center just blocks away and discovered the soup nazi's place couple of blocks away. Shake Shack across the street and a WONDERFul restaurant with a Dough bakery on the premises. Second time staying at the row and enjoyed it once again.",4
4761, November 2017,"Location, Location, Location","Great location. Around the corner from Times Square and Broadway and easy walkking distance to the Rockerfeller centre and the Empire State Building. Good size room with small, functional, bathroom. But you’re in New York, so get out and explore.",4
4762, November 2017,"""Paolo"" Front Desk","Paolo saved the day for The Row, because despite some shortcomings, remembering what she did made them minor nuisances. Improvements would be: WORKING ice machines on every floor , The Row membership program, and better coordination at the front desk.",4
4763, November 2017,NYC stay,"Really nice hotel. Very welcoming staff. Rooms very clean and spacious. Location was ideal for shopping,shows and restaurants. However the elevator system was a major problem and the noise from outside can affect sleep",4
4764, December 2017,Be very careful handing over your bank card,"I recently stayed at the row NYC and whilst we enjoyed our stay here we've been left with a very bad feeling towards the ROW NYC. On check in we were informed we had to hand over a bank card. They would take $200 dollars as a holding deposit. On check out we paid our balance, which was not as much as the holding deposit) in cash however my online banking showed $200 dollars had been taken. I explained this to the lady checking us out, she explained the $200 dollars would go back into my account. We have been back in the UK for 6 days now and the deposit still has not been refunded even though I have emailed the hotel many times. Be wary handing over your bank card. I will be calling and emailing them daily until I get my refund. Very unhappy customer",1
4765, December 2017,Look for another hotel !,"Row nyc hotel , terrible service. Had to get our pillow cases changed 3 times due to having blood stains on . You receive a plastic cup for water , which you can only fill on every other floor .. Rooms are very very small . I got stuck in the elevator , the door had jammed which was terrifying.. The water dispenser on floor 21 ( ie the I room bottled water) as they call it ..looked like someone had vomited in the water tray .. I took a photo and took to reception , they didn’t seem fazed at all !! There is also a $33 surcharge for wifi and use of the hotel . I wound not recommend this hotel at all..definitely google other hotels in New York!!!",1
4766, November 2017,Enjoyable stay,"The lifts could be very slow during busy times and would have liked a larger room based on what was paid, but the property's location was second to none and the staff were more than helpful with our needs. Would definitely recommend.",4
4767, December 2017,Delux room I think not,"Very shabby, dirty rooms. Got hassled as soon as we checked in by a guy pushing us to go to a meeting. The double rooms are small double beds. Woken up by shouting and altercation twice outside our bedroom door at 4am. The 6 restaurants are in fact one room with different serving counters. Only plus in the location.",1
4768, December 2017,"Good hotel, brilliant location","Was skeptical due to some of the reviews I had seen but considering the price I think the hotel is really good. Such a good location and rooms do the job, not sure what everyone else expected for the price! Would stay again",4
4769, November 2017,Row hotel location is good.,district M one of bartender was bad.the bartender is disrespectful and wise.Rooms are small and clean.the view of our room was bad.Reception processes are taking quite long.you are waiting for a long time in the queues.,3
4770, November 2017,Not the best hotel,Not the best hotel very very dull I could never wait to get out in the morning for fresh air. I thought I had paid for a large double but don’t feel I got one. You have to go looking for what’s on offer in the hotel like it was by chance I discovered that you get discounts in some places by showing your room key. Really the only thing it’s got going for it is the location. The check in process was good and the concierge staff very helpful but that’s about it. Don’t think I would return,2
4771, December 2017,Don't waste your money,I haven't stayed here yet. I wouldn't stay at all except this hotel will not refund my money. I also needed to shorten my stay by ONE night and still cannot get a refund. Also there is an extra charge on my credit card that I can't get a reason for. Customer service is rude. General manager is worse. I'm really dreading having to stay here but they already have my money and I can't afford 2 hotels. Merry Christmas to me.,1
4772, December 2017,So far so good......,"I am due to stay at the Row this Sunday so I cannot review my time there just yet but I will do when I return. I just wanted to say that I have had many enquires, questions and issues and the staff at the Row have been extremely helpful with all of them including my upgrade requests and issues I had with a package that I had arranged to be sent there accidently. The concierge in particular were extremely helpful, this gives me hope that I am in for a good stay there for my first time in New York!",5
4773, November 2017,Definately recommend,"we returned to the Row NYC again this year, I have stayed there a few times over the years and have always found the staff very friendly and helpful. The location is excellent, right beside times square, shops, bars and restaurants. Lovely warm greeting from Junior at check in, started our trip off to a great start, will definitely be back !",5
4774, November 2017,Trendy hotel,"If you are watching a show at night, this hotel is right at the theater district. Good location, central, and very busy. The rooms are not big, but adequate. Prepare your own drinking water as it is not provided in the rooms.",4
4775, November 2017,We’ll be back,"Room was small but we were fond of it, we liked the cool decor. Location is terrific for tourists, especially first timers. Handy having the subway at the corner store with direct access to/from JFK. But this was our 4th stay at the Row so it works for repeat customers too.",5
4776, November 2017,Great location for a great price,"The room was rather small but expected in NYC. No need to spend lots of time in the room when NYC has so much to offer. The walls were a bit thin - if you’re a light sleeper, you’ll hear noise in the hallway from passers by. The rest of the hotel was great.",4
4777, November 2017,Ok to get your head down,"Rooms are small, but serves the purpose of just getting your head down. Rooms not that clean. Had hairs on the bath 😬. Bed lovely and comfortable though. Staff aren’t that helpful, but I think that’s the American way?",3
4778, October 2017,Nice Hotel,"Hi I stayed in this hotel from 15/10/2017 until 17/10/2017 It is a clean and comfortable hotel. I stayed there 10 years ago when it was called the Milford Plaza Hotel I liked it then cause it was so central The hotel is now known as Row NYC and its all refurbished since way back then.Staff were nice to deal with and I would definitely stay there again if I got another chance to visit New York City, I had a room with a city view which was nice.",4
4779, November 2017,Good hotel,"A very well located hotel. The hotel staff was extremely helpful at all times when we needed them. Room was clean and in good condition. The only things I disliked were the wifi signal, that was weak (and just barely functional when in times of peak usage), and the elevators, that depending on the time would be all taken.",4
4780, November 2017,"Brilliant location for Midtown NYC, reasonable value for money but room was small",Loved the location and the food-court area attached. Right round the corner from all the theatres and Times Square. 42nd street just 2 blocks away Loads of bars and restaurants to choose from within walking distance Bar was lively. Room was quite small but generally clean and well kept - new furnishings,4
4781, November 2017,Very good location but poor customer and room service,"It was my second time at this hotel. I came back because of it’s very good location and is good price. The roomspace is good for NYC hotel, but it’s a old hotel and there was dust in the room. The bathroom and the beds were clean. We ask more than tree times the same request (extra towels), twice by phone and once directly at the front desk, but never get what we asked... Overall, we were okay because we didn’t spend much time at the hotel and it’s location conterbalance the negative points.",3
4782, November 2017,The Best In Town,"As I have said many, many times, The Row is the best hotel in mid-city for any visitor to New York City. Everything visitor would want to see is either nearby or a short subway ride or taxi from the hotel. You should give it a try.",5
4783, November 2017,Dark and Dismal,"Stayed over Thanksgiving Weekend 2017 with my sister and friend. The hallways were very dark and depressing with very low lighting. We commented to each other that we felt as though we were in a murder mystery novel. The rooms were very small. We had to live out of our suitcases as they do not provide enough drawer space for one person, let alone two or three. And don't even get me started on the cleanliness of the room. Thank goodness my friend had the foresight to bring a can of Lysol to spray throughout. The concierge was rude and not helpful at all. We had to ask 3 times to have clean towels as they took the towels we showered with and never replenished the supply. All in all a very disappointing stay in the ROW Hotel.",2
4784, January 2017,Review,"I feel very good or excellent after going there. These is very nice hotel. There service was to good and a fabulous food service, have free WIFI I liked it because of some reasons My smartphone network got stuked Thanks to then They helped me must go once",5
4785, November 2017,Could have been better,"So, I booked this hotel because it was an affordable boutique-style hotel in the heart of Times Square, and on those points, it delivered. The rooms were adequate, and clean...not even the smallest room I've stayed in, in Manhattan. The lobby was nicely decorated and the bartender we spoke to was very friendly. However, there were always droves of people milling about, so it does take away from it's allure. The check-in staff leave a lot to be desired. We arrived at 6pm (a full 2 hours after check in is advertised), and they advised us that our room was not ready. Without much of an apology or accommodation effort offered at all. We had planned to head right out to a museum and other area sights after dropping off bags and freshening up. They didn't even offer us a",3
4786, November 2017,"Really great central location, clean but small rooms, smart elevator system","We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel during Thanksgiving week 2017. My traveling party was myself and husband, thus the very small room worked for us - queen bed, desk/chair, large tv, wardrobe and small bathroom with tub/shower, toilet and vanity. We couldn't have fit anyone else in the room if we tried! It was very clean and all that we needed. The maid service was great - they did a good job each day. The only down side was that the heat was overwhelming, even after we turned off the thermostat or tried turning the temperature down, so we opened a window (40-ish degrees outside) and the temperature inside felt great. This may just be an issue in the winter. The hotel is very smart about how the elevators are called. There aren't enough elevators (at one time this was",4
4787, November 2017,Everything about this place is disgusting,"This was the worst hotel stay I've ever experienced: - Took over 5 hours to get a crib - Treated poorly by frontdesk--hung up on, disrespectful - Loud AC - Small room - Tub water was brown, shower was fine though - Cockroach in the lobby",1
4788, November 2017,ROW NYC tiney tiny rooms,"The rooms were tiney tiny barely enough space to walk around or hang your clothes, the phones were so old that I had to call for room service on my own cellphone. There were no extra blankets considering the time of my stay was during the winter months.",2
4789, November 2017,Good location,"Good location for Times Square and all the stores. Great bar District 10 is a must to use, plus food market is great with lovely food, staff so helpful, corridors are really dark as the reception is lovely and bright than you get out the lifts to dark,",4
4790, July 2017,great stay,great stay here. lovely staff. lovely warm atmosphere. lovely entertainment. not too far from time square meaning you can come and go as your please while shopping without needing to walk too far. lot of places to eat close by even 24hr places. so much to do near here.,5
4791, November 2017,Not Up To Par,"Lobby chaotic, congested, noisy. Paid $60 extra to get an early checkin room, which was adjacent to the elevator shaft on floor 11, and noisy around the clock. Water on the bathroom floor from a leaking pedestal sink which went unrepaired after maintenance worked on.",2
4792, November 2017,Good Location.. Tired & Shabby Decor,"We checked in online thinking this would make the process of getting room keys faster, however, the key card machines were not working and would not issue our keys so we had to queue up with hords of others checking in, this took around 25 minutes which after 12 hours of travelling and immigration was not welcomed! We headed to our room and were not impressed, the deluxe room with a city view was neither deluxe or had a city view, from our 8th floor room we could see 2 brick walls and a load of rubbish on the ground! In the Bathroom, the toilet was squeezed between two walls and the bath was designed for one of Snow White's best buddies! Fortunately, we had no cat to swing at this point or there might have been a discombobulated feline in the room! We expected it to be compact",3
4793, November 2017,Ok,"The hotel is nice and clean, but too big. In the lobby there is only one seat. It takes ages to take the lift. However, it is well located and not noisy and the staff helpful and polite. It was complicated to get a package I had sent from Amazon. I had to go 5 times to ask for it.",4
4794, November 2017,In the heart of Times Square,"One of our best experiences in our entire life. Highly recommended for people in search of a peaceful, quite, clean, and confortable hotel. Manhattan view from our rooms was spectacular. Thank you guys!",5
4795, November 2017,The worst experience in a hotel ever!!,Never again to ROW NYC Hotel. nothing is good at this place. i spent so much money for terrible hotel experience. Maybe the only good thing is the location but that's it. Anything else is so so bad! Shame!,1
4796, November 2017,Elevator issues,"I was stuck in the elevator for around 40 minutes, and they were like ok take a water for free !! Really!! I was going to miss my flight and my life. They refund me the money for facilities which is $120 . I would never go back to this hotel or recommend it to anyone.",1
4797, November 2017,Great location,"Just returned home after spending 4 nights in the Row NYC it is in a great location. The rooms where cleaned very day with fresh towels and nice toiletries, it has a great little bar on 1 floor called District M nice to call into for a drink in between dropping shopping off, Also has a good food market with about 6 different foods getting served all day, and lovely doughnuts, Only thing that might put me off staying again is the noise from the avenue all night motor bikes/ cars honking horns/ the price is really good for a great location, if I do go back I would ask for a room well above 10th floor, the need to look into double glazing and more light in the corridors. But other wise a I had a good stay,",5
4798, November 2017,Great location but.....,"Best thing about this place is the location. A couple of minutes from the Port Authority bus station and a few more to Times Square. That said, the immediate location is pretty grotty but not dangerous I feel. The hotel itself tries to project a cool, sophisticated vibe but is invariably packed to the gills which is ok if that's your thing. Checkin was via a QR code sent by email which didn't work so I did it the old-fashioned way. The room was tiny, even by New York standards, but the real problem was the unbearable and uncontrollable heat and the insufferable noise. On complaining to reception, and advising them of the room number, there was an instant, unhesitant offer to move rooms which I gladly took. Clearly, the room initially allocated was recognised as a problem so it",3
4799, November 2017,Excellent!,This is our second trip and we always have a really nice time. It's location is perfect to walk around the city sites. There are plenty of parking options within a block of the hotel. The bar is really nice and has a great atmosphere. We used the pre-check in which was amazing. Check-in and out were both quick and painless completed right from my cell phone.,5
4800, November 2017,NEVER AGAIN,Got to hotel waited in line for 45 minuets to check in greeted by a very rude lady ( fearnada ) got to my room which was not the one I booked bathroom was filthy went back to reception to told its all they have,1
4801, November 2017,Rooms are disappointing,"The location is great. The rooms are rundown and dirty. The shower reeked of urine. I felt disappointed when I arrived at my room. Wanted to switch rooms, but when I saw the condition of my colleagues room at the same hotel (dark/old/dinghy/dirty), I figured I'd just deal with the one I had. Check-in took forever! They don't have a good check-in process at all. The room walls are paper-thin, so the sleep quality was horrible!",2
4802, November 2017,Great Location. Extremely small rooms,My family and I have stayed at this location 8 times. The only thing that keeps us coming back to this hotel is the location. Rooms have gotten very small after renovations. Wifi is extremely slow. But for the decent price and location we have stayed here.,3
4803, November 2017,Bigest ripoff in New York,"you are heartless greedy people and I am not done with you. You lied to my face and took advantage of me paying in advance. I should have let a homeless person stay there since you took my money. You are crooks and I would like to send you a copy of the 11 emails I have left to send to the 40,000 cops in NYPD",1
4804, October 2017,My NYC home,I stay at this hotel in NYC every time I visit the city.. which is many times thru out the year. I just love the location. I like the food choices here. I feel safe walking into this hotel at 3am. Fees could be less tho.,4
4805, November 2017,Room switch,"Myself and my girlfriend stayed here early november and arrived at midnight. We were checked in no problem but when we went to our room we realised that both of us could hardly fit on the bed and there was literally no standing space. We took a few minutes but we went down and explained we booked a queen room and that was barely a double. The answer we got was “I put you in this room because the only queen rooms available are near noisy lifts” we were offered to go take a look and decide. We looked and it was much bigger (still small but it’s nyc and we weren’t expecting anything massive) and it was no where near a lift! It was a much quieter floor altogether in fact, it seemed to be age appropriated because we are in our mid twenties and the floor we moved to was slightly older",2
4806, November 2017,Not recommended,Overall terrible and not recommended It was the worst vacation I had I never book in the hotel And there is no breakfast included beside the high price And they charge you for service charges I don’t know what was the service they provided,1
4807, November 2017,Good experience and location,I really liked the hotel because of the location with interesting places like Times Square and Central Park. I think this one of the hotels i would rather be in place every vacation. Room service it could be awesome but i didnt know if was avaliable.,4
4808, November 2017,Good hotel,"The hotel is very well located. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The things to improve would be the Wifi signal, that really is not good, and the lifts that can sometimes be all busy, depending on the time of the day. Overall a good hotel to stat in.",4
4809, November 2017,Basic!,Room was small and i booked a deluxe! Internet connection was rubbish! Lift was a nightmare when it was busy. Wasnt told when we checked in that we could of had a free continental breakfast each morning .. told my the security man on last day!,3
4810, November 2017,Excellent Hotel.,"Very much appreciated all of the email correspondence before and after our stay. Check-in and check-out was convenient. Our room facing courtyard was super quiet, considering how noisy it was outside. Definitely would stay here again.",5
4811, November 2017,Monica,I did not like the service at the Row hotel in New York City. People are very rude in general. Poor service I visited the city form Texas and I have never experience such rude people. You all need to provide staff with customer service training.,2
4812, November 2017,"Great location, and staff!","Super comfy beds, great location, friendly staff would definitely stay here again and recmmend to others. The location is also perfect right near port authority bus terminal. Plenty of eating and drinking placed within a few footsteps. What more do you need?",5
4813, November 2017,Not as good as you're lead to believe from booking.com,"Rooms in mediocre condition, could do with work but because hotel is so busy, they don't care. Staff were ok to deal with. The facility charge is a joke also! Charging you for somethings which you don't use. The hotel feels like a cattle market with the way the herd people around but the location is very good if you are looking for something very central.",2
4814, November 2017,"Perfect location, far too noisy","Just about to check out of Row NYC. We've had a great 4 night stay but have to go back to the UK now. Good and bad points listed below on our stay at Row NYC Good Perfect location close to Port Authority. Macy's within 5 min walk. Times Sq 2 mins. Lots of great restaurants close by. Carmines Italian restaurant is a 2 min walk away and a must try. Opposite is a bar called Smith's which is reasonably prices and has great music. The bar in Row called district M is also worth a visit. Good music, huge screen tv, good service. The beds are small and low but comfortable enough. (Or were we just shattered after all the shopping) the room was cleaned every day, fresh 4 bath towels and 2 hand towels for 2 people every day. The toiletries are really nice products. Called PURE. (Shampoo,",4
4815, November 2017,Excellent hotel! Great service!,Verry good hotel! Great service. The rooms are verry Nice and clean! Next time we are in New York we wil come to the Row hotel again. The people behind the deal were verry kind and helpfull! The hotel is nearby times square wich is verry Nice!,5
4816, November 2017,Lovely htl,"Lovely hotel...just a litle noisy... People are awesome. All of them. If I return to New York probably I will choose Row again. Excellent ubication I recomnend it. Its near the theatres, the subway, in the heart of Times Square.",4
4817, November 2017,Dissatisfied,"Very poor room , cleanliness and size where very disappointing. Situated In a part of midtown with garbage bags on the sidewalk in the evenings and getting begged by people every 10 yards for food or money",2
4818, November 2017,Shame about the elevators,"Great hotel in perfect location, staff helpful, rooms clean, good food, won't mention the price as it is in New York. But, there's always a but, be prepared to wait in the lobby for upto 30 mins for an elevator at busy times , no problem if you're fit and like hauling cases up 19 floors!",4
4819, November 2017,NYC ROW,"Would not recommend only because the room size was small, no microwave or fridge, and internet connection was not good. It was also annoying that the ice machine is on every odd number floor (I was on floor 10 so I had to keep going to either floors 9 or 11 for ice) and the even numbered floors had the water machines. Location was great though! This was the best part of the trip.",2
4820, November 2017,I love this place!,"I and my husband usually stay at Row, since it was Milford. It is well placed- in the heart Broadway - comfortable and clean. Brazilian can count on Junior, a great guy in reception desk, nice and always doing his best to help!",4
4821, November 2017,Not quite uplifting,"Staff was helpful, room was good for the price and location could not have been better. Wish there had been a better and faster response to the elevator problem that lasted more than two days w/o acknowledgement",4
4822, November 2017,A dirty experience,The hotel is very dirty. We found leftovers in the lifts twice and no one could be bothered to clean them. Our room didn't even have a mini fridge and the radiator was really noisy. Once we found our room not cleaned and the cleaning staff did it only after we complained.,1
4823, November 2017,Id go back on a budget,Average but good for the price. No fridge or microwave and paint coming off corners of draws etc but decent modern look to the hotel and room. Friendly staff and close to food and entertainment. I would go back if i was on a budget,3
4824, November 2017,"small rooms, good price","Staff was exceptionally friendly and useful. Internet worked well, easy to connect. Bathroom plumbing needed attention. Sink drain was slow and shower ran all over the floor. Elevator was sometimes very quick, but sometimes we had to wait a while.",4
4825, November 2017,Location only good thing!,"Receptionist upon checking was useless she didn't provided any information about the hotel, just handed our room keys. I had to ask can you actually tell me where I go. I was also charged $163 for a resort fee for things like wifi and gym etc. You can't opt out of this so keep this in mind if your looking to book here. This was on top of the taxes we had to pay for the room. So a price that was advertised for around £550 for 5 nights as advertised on booking.com turned into around £800. Be careful if using that site as it's missleading. Then there's the lifts, you have to enter the floor number on a panel outside and stand by the allocated lift. Again, wasn't told about this and ended up on various floors as we just jumped in. Yes there's a sign outside that explains this,",2
4826, November 2017,I had a great stay,I had a perfect stay. I was regretting only spending one night. I wanted to stay longer. Everyone was great and nice. The room was clean and welcoming. I had the best sleep there. It was so nice and quiet even though it was in the city. The showers there were amazing. The only thing we didn't do was eat there.,5
4827, November 2017,ROW,If you don’t mind waiting 10 min to use the elevator to and from your room and having a very small room even tough you paid for a “bigger” room and by all means book. I would hate to see how small the regular room is. I will definitely not stay in there again!!,1
4828, November 2017,No complaints from us!!,No complaints from us about this hotel. Great location. Subway very close. Hotel has been modernised. Walking distance to many tourist attractions. Lots of places to eat close by. Great eatery attached to hotel- must try the doughnuts!!,5
4829, November 2017,Worst nightmare ever,"As other reviewers mostly gave 5 stars, I agreed its location is nice. Except that, others were terrible. We arrived the hotel in the morning and questioned that international check-in time is around 2pm, but they strictly informed 4pm. Ok, I understand, but they showed a piece of paper that they will have ""annual water system maintenance"" from 9pm till next morning. If it's annual one, they already knew it and should inform it earlier on their homepage. When I asked it, one lady in front just answered that she didn't even know it because she wasn't in her duty last night. Excuse me? I had to go out on 6pm - Front said I should take a shower before 9pm and if I want to wash my face and teeth, I should use water machine in downstairs. So exhausted. Room? Pictures on the webpage",1
4830, November 2017,Surprise 16th Birthday trip,"I have stayed in the hotel before, and I want disappointed. Obviously I wouldn’t have booked again had my experience been bad. The bathroom was dirty...hair all over the floor, sink, shower curtain. It was small, but I can do small. The carpet didn’t seem appear to be vacuumed either. The inside of the bedding was caked with brown foundation, that I noticed- unfortunately- after I woke up. It was around my chest area when I folded the covers back in the morning. I told the cleaning crew. She said, “They don’t always pay attention to that stuff. It’s probably stained. Here’s a new sheet.” It was the duvet cover, but whatever. The radiator was so loud every time it turned on and off, we all woke up. Traffic was loud- but it’s New York, so we expected that. The",3
4831, November 2017,My shoes gone,The Manager kept asked about my shoes that has been thrown away by theirs housekeeping but the hotel never paid back till today has been a year. I had many time mailed the hotel but hasnot got the replied So POOR the service,1
4832, October 2017,"Great location, small rooms","We had a room on the 28th floor at the back, so we didn't get too much noise, and a partial view of Times Square. The room was small, with just enough room for the bed, 2 bedside tables, and our cases. The bathroom was ok though. I would guess the room sizes were normal when the hotel was built, as the building is quite old by New York standards. (1928) Most of the staff were polite and helpful. As reported before, there is the extra $30 per day additional charge for 'use of the facilities', which we didn't use.",3
4833, November 2017,Really about 4.7,We booked for 2 rooms for 4 nights during Thanksgiving week and could not have been more pleased. only 3 very minor flaws - the ice machine on our floor did not work; no TV channel listing; and no bathroom fan that allows the mirror to steam up. It may not be a fancy as the big name hotels but it is very reasonable of booked directly and when thy have a sale offer (we got 25% off). It is centrally located in heart of the theater district and very close to Times Square and subway stops. The check in was fairly smooth if you take advantage of the pre check in sent the day of your booking. The City Kitchen offers very good food of several different types and the M in the hotel lobby has coffee & various pastries for breakfast. All give a 10% discount with your hotel key and,4
4834, November 2017,Middle of the road,I needed to upgrade my room from one bed to two beds a few hours before our arrival and they were helpful making the change (after talking to 5 different people over the course of 90 minutes). We stayed in a room with 2 double beds and there was barely any room left to move around in the room. The rooms are very small. The toilet was leaking and it took 10 minutes for the water to become hot in the shower. The room was not very clean as there was spider webs in the ceiling corners and dirt on the walls and floors. This was my third stay at ROW and I most likely will not return. The hotel is in a great location.,2
4835, November 2017,Mr & Mrs D,The hotel is situated in a great location. Times Square is less than a 10 minute walk. The staff are very helpful and the rooms are excellent. We will definitely recommend this hotel and will be back again in the near future.,4
4836, November 2017,Poor room upkeep,"Room not properly taken care of, hair in the bed upon arrival let it go then had no air conditioning in the room called for service then had to have a whole new unit replaced then the following day the phone in the room beeped nonstop I had to take the batteries out of it for the noise to go away then the air conditioning stopped working again and went to the front desk and front desk was non helpful and very rude. Overall not a very good experience",2
4837, November 2017,The Row NYC,"The location and design of this hotel are amazing. The breakfast was good and just what we needed. The front desk staff were extremely unfriendly but the staff at the M district were great. The room was on the smallish side but the cool design made up for it. Unfortunately the bathroom door was so dirty it made the rest of the room feel unclean even though it wasn't. The thermostat did not seem to work so we were pretty hot most of the time. Having said all of this, we would probably stay here again based on the location and we didn't spend hardly any time in the room.",3
4838, November 2017,"Convenient, affordable hotel for theatre fans","As an avid theatre fan, I often stay at the Row because it provides convenient access to Broadway and many Off-Broadway houses. Enjoy having City Kitchen within the hotel as well when I want to grab a quick bite to eat.",4
4839, November 2017,Love The Row!,"Can't beat the location of The Row! The best spot to stay when your goal is Broadway shows! Plus the subway is right there to get you downtown or to any other destination. Short walk to 5th Ave and Central Park, but yet far enough away from the centre of Times Square that you can actually sleep at night. Love that City Kitchen is accessible through the hotel, as it's great for late night eats!",4
4840, November 2017,Stay at row,"We did spend our honeymoon at Row and we were really happy, the room was very small but we got a stunning view so we were really happy, the hotel is very well located, walkimg distance from every thing we wanted to see, i recomend.",4
4841, November 2017,second trip to row nyc.,i was disappointed in cleanliness of room. food was excellent. staff was for the most part very friendly and helpful. the location is perfect for a new york visit. elevators were very confusing for non english speaking guests.,4
4842, November 2017,First trip to NYC!,This was our first time to NYC and the Row is the perfect hotel for location and value! As like most hotels in New York the standard rooms are compact so definitely worth the upgrade. We will absolutely be back to New York and would stay at the Row again.,4
4843, November 2017,Thanksgivings week get away,"My wife and I stayed at the Row NYC from 11/20/17 to 11/22/17. We wanted to get there early so that we can visit the wax museum Madame Tussaud’s in Times Square so we booked a nearby parking. At check in we just wanted to drop off our luggage and go, they were very accommodating on getting us in since we were too early usually you will have to pay extra for early bookings we didn’t. Also they helped us to get the right room away from the city noise on the 10th floor facing the street with excellent view. The room was nice and clean, we optioned to get the double bed room since the original room wasn’t ready yet. The beds and pillows were comfortable and the bathroom expected to be small but that’s ok. The hotel has restaurant but we wanted to go out, all the hot spots are",5
4844, November 2017,Girls trip,"Rooms slightly small but you only sleep there, we had a lovely weekend , our room was very quiet , check in was easy Lifts were brilliant as we never had to wait you get allocated a lift depending on your floor .",4
4845, November 2017,Cutest place ive stayed,Very clean well kept rooms enough space to function and enjoy. Amazing customer service and little to no wait time checking in. The best part is the location its close to all the best places to eat and my personal favorite bakery. Food in the hotel is great as well. The view is to die for!!!!!,5
4846, November 2017,Good Value in Times Square,"I found an interned deal that was a good price for hotels in the area. It did not include the mandatory $30 per day fee for (internet, etc). I feel that it was a good value for the money spent. The internet did not work in our room initially, but began to work the next time we came back to try. The room was small, but I knew this and it’s fine. The bed was comfortable to us and room was clean. We had a room that looked out to other rooms in the hotel (but I expected this for the basic room we booked). The room had good AC, and good light blocking shades. I would stay again for the price.",3
4847, November 2017,Incredibly Disappointing,"Not only was our room very dusty, there were tacos from the carpet poking through, which I stepped on. Front desk service was poor. A & B Elevators were down, yet Staff decided to deny and say they only used Elevator D to access Top floors. Long waits Up & Down.",2
4848, November 2017,One night only,"Was attending Billy Joel at MSG and had stayed here before, the room was clean and not too small and the hotel has a cool atmosphere. It’s secure as security is by the elevators so only people staying there are able to get near the rooms",5
4849, November 2017,You get what you pay for?,"The saying goes, you get what you pay for. But as the prices at Row continue to climb each year, they can no longer insulate themselves from this criticism. A little bit of empathy would be nice, particularly if I find myself waiting over 30 minutes to check in. I would even suggest removing humans from this process and installing a self check-in system which would work so much more effectively for frequent visitors such as myself. Additionally, I find it ridiculous having to wait over 15 minutes on line to get into an elevator, while managers ferry certain guests to the front of the line for no obvious reason. Finally, when we reserve a Queen size room and are left with a Full size room, despite using the CLUBX promotion (and again, this was our 10th time this year staying at",2
4850, November 2017,loved the Row!,We had nothing but kindness shown to us by all staff! The only negative I can say is the elevators get quite busy and taking the stairs is not an option. But that was a small price to pay for the great location to everything and the great view from our room!,4
4851, November 2017,"Excellent hotel, ideal location!",A great hotel with very helpful staff. We were upgraded to a bigger room for no extra cost. Cleaners did a brilliant job every morning. Would definitely recommend this place too anyone visiting this beautiful city!,5
4852, November 2017,"Functional, Well Located, Inexpensive","Easy access to Broadway, Time Square, Mid Town. Don't come here if you want pampering. Staff are efficient and not sycophantic in what's a very busy high volume hotel. Good value and well located inexpensive city accommodation. Rooms are snug but sufficient. Breakfast was simple but ok. My room needed a longer shower curtain otherwise prone to flooding the bathroom floor. Stayed on business but other patrons mostly tourists, school groups etc. Remain happy to return because it's good value and we'll located.",4
4853, November 2017,Perfect location for theatre goers,"Hotel is located near Broadway theatres, great restaurants and the sights and sounds of Times Square. Close to Central Park and some great clubs and restaurants within a few blocks. Rooms are comfortable with excellent bedding. The best pillows of any hotel i’ve Been to recently",4
4854, November 2017,"Crowded and used hotel, no good sleep at all.","Hotel is usually crowded by young people running up and down on the floor and being very noisy at the night, not a good sleep at all. Also the hotel equipment gets used and aging now. Bathroom is on the edge of breaking down.",1
4855, November 2017,Hidden fees and dirty,"I'm not usually picky about hotels but I've stayed in hostels nicer than this place. We arrived to check in and was told we still had extra fees to pay. Extortionate fees that you have no option but to pay. $32 per night for facility fees. This includes using the internet. To be honest I'd rather buy my internet booster from home than pay the facility fees as due to the schedule we won't be using any of the other services (see picture). Once we arrived in our room, we decided to freshen up a bit however when we walked into the bathroom we had hair on the toilet seat (not sure if it was pubic), shavings around the sink and some disgusting slime thing around the plug in the sink. I reported this to reception and they said they would sort it out. We went out for the rest of the day",1
4856, November 2017,Very happy with the hotel,Great central location. Good price for last minute booking. Rooms very clean. Little smaller than expected but served its purpose. Not noisy at all considering proximity to Times Square. Would definitely return and recommend.,4
4857, November 2017,Genuine advice - stay somewhere else,"If you like rude staff, small rooms, lifts that take hours and noisy 24/7 then stay here. When we arrive at the hotel we were given a tiny room with a view of a pipe out the window. We had paid for a deluxe room with city views so I went back down and queried and was pretty much told to go away and was told in fact we had been upgraded. The following morning I challenged again and we had been DOWNGRADED. The employee lied to us and made us feel bad for checking. Unbelievable. The lift system is also outdated and we spent at least 2 hours over the 8 days we stayed waiting for lifts. Great location but that is it. Will never stay here again or recommend it to anyone. Plus we literally spent over",1
4858, November 2017,Hidden Charges at Check out,"Be Aware: They charge a ""facilities fee"" at checkout of $30 a night. It was not disclosed on my reservation or upon check in. It was a phantom charge and when I refused to pay it, they said: ""all the hotels in NYC are doing it"" - they are dishonest.",1
4859, November 2017,Seriously not as bad as the reviews make it seem,"After checking this hotel on TripAdvisor I was a little skeptical. But when one of the reviews I read was all 'Three stars because no coffee in the room' I decided to just book and give it a go. The hotel, for myself, was clean, had plenty of room (we stayed in a superior room) and importantly wasn't one of those shady hotels with the toilet next to the bed. Sure, there was no tea/coffee in the room, but if you expect that why are you paying for a budget hotel? The hotel DID have: Clean, quiet and air-conditioned rooms, comfy beds, a safe, shampoo/washing stuff, helpful staff, irons, TV. A freakin' great location! Honestly, I feel bed this hotel has such bad reviews because I had such a comfy stay here. Will totally be back.",5
4860, November 2017,great refuge from midtown madness,"I've stayed here a bunch of times, and I like the simplicity and comfort of the rooms, the lively lobby, the food hall and the wonderful staff. I'll definitely stay here again - at this price point for this location, it can't be beat",4
4861, November 2017,A little pricey for room we received.,"Hotel is extremely convenient, right in the middle of everything. However, room was so small that we were feeling claustrophobic immediately and could not wait to leave. City kitchen is nice, but again pricey.",3
4862, November 2017,Great vibe!,"Excellent location near Times Square and the restaurants and bars of 8th and 9th avenues. The lobby had a great vibe, and the bar M was a good place to start off the evening before heading out. Good service! Would definitely stay here again.",4
4863, November 2017,BIG APPLE!,"nice location, only down fall is room size. however since you are in the center of NYC it does not really matter! good vibe in the hotel , spaces are really well designed. very comfy cozy. Its close by to most of the cites attractions.",5
4864, November 2017,Up beat and ALWAYS busy,"My hubby and I recently stayed here for our visit to NYC and overall I would have to say so far this was the best hotel we have stayed on this trip through America and Europe. The cleanliness of the rooms helped me get passed how small they are. This hotel is very close to Time Square and so many restaurants so the location is excellent. The bellmen were a little rude at times due to a lot of people checking in or out and leaving their luggage which I didn’t appreciate. However, when we did check in our room was not the correct room as we booked for a queen not two singles but they did upgrade our room so I’m grateful they fixed their mistake. I would stay here again definitely. They also have live music throughout the week at their bar.",4
4865, November 2017,The True Hell in Hell’s Kitchen,"I have to say that this hotel is well located. Times Square, Broadway and lots of restaurants are around the corner. However, I am truly disappointed. I rate the hotel with two stars because the location is good. Nothing else is. When we got here at 5 pm, my room was not available and had to be cleaned and we were said we had to wait 1 hour. That is understandable. After walking for more than two hours, we got back but my room was still not available. Things happen. We were given a downgraded room for the first night. At least we didn’t sleep out in the streets. The next morning, we were assigned the room we paid for. However, we found out that they did a mess with many rooms and more were given a wrong room, so many had to be reassigned. Not only us. At the 27th floor, the",2
4866, November 2017,Great location,Nice hotel great location I stay there a way every time I come to New York. Sometimes I get a wonderful room this last trip there were two of us. The room was really small. You were lucky that you could fit into the bathroom.,5
4867, October 2017,Loved this hotel!,"I am quite delayed in writing this review but I was determined to do it, because before we went we had read so many negative reviews I was a little worried. But...it was nothing like the negative things we had read and I have travelled extensively with my job and am quite picky. When we arrived on a Thursday night we were checked in quickly, with friendly staff, we were on the 23rd floor and I was worried that we might be waiting for elevators but not at all! Their elevator system allowing you to put in your floor and then go to the appropriate elevator made us feel like we had a private elevator most of the time and they are fast. The best location ever, just two blocks from Times Square. Our room was small but absolutely clean with comfy beds and linens. The cleaning",5
4868, November 2017,it’s a no from me,"Long lines to check in/out lead to rude employees. Even longer lines for the elevator lead to tiny rooms (and if you’re as lucky as i was your tiny room will have a broken AC). I used the link in an email that the Row sent me to checkout on my mobile device. There was no warning that i would then be rudely declined the continental breakfast that i had already paid for and be unable to retrieve my car from valet. So then i had to check BACK IN and then out again while they held my car hostage. After all this i had no one to complain to because no one ever asked how my stay was and no compensation was given... i even paid full price for the valet service that would’nt return my car to me until i checked back in and out of the hotel!! Awesome, right?! 100% do not recommend.",1
4869, November 2017,Centrally located.,"The family and I have just finished a week long stay at Row Hotel New York. On the down side, the lifts are slow to non-available at times, we could not get maintenance to fix our in room safe and the phone we paid a resort fee for in one of the rooms did not work. However on the positive side the staff were friendly and helpful, especially Zac who checked us in. The rooms were functional, reasonably priced and most importantly it is central to the tourist attractions in New York. If you want 5 star then its not for you, however it is comfy and I would definitely stay here again.",4
4870, November 2017,two thumbs WAY up!!,"great location!! when you come to NYC you expect the place to be busy and when we arrived at the hotel the place was buzzing with people checking in and out. but the staff were courteous, super nice and professional! great place - plenty of places to eat close by, clean rooms, and when we checked out int he morning super early at 6am the doormen were super helpful. AAA+++",5
4871, November 2017,Not very good,"Very small room, not as shown on pictures, very slow service and not valued for the price taken. The location is great I asked for a late checkout which was denied because of pressure of rooms to new guests.",3
4872, November 2017,Baaad,"I will never not come back again. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - noises : other rooms, streets, etc - heating system : So hot... impossible to regule it on « cold » - confort : bad pillow, bad matrass ... - bathroom cleaness - reception always crowded : impossible to speak to someone ... you got the key, ans that’s it",2
4873, November 2017,So disappointing,"We chose to stay in this hotel rather than the smaller three star hotel our friends selected around the corner. Oh what a mistake. Whilst our friends entered a quiet, book lined foyer with staff who remembered them we were greeted by noise, throngs of people and indifferent check in staff. Our friends had a dated but large room, we had a trendy, city view room that was so small it was impossible to walk around in comfort with our suitcases on the floor. We were charged a mandatory, exorbitant resort tax (read the small print) for Wi fi (should be free) a gymnasium (New York is enough of a work out) and a business centre (chaotic). Our friends paid $200 dollars less and did not pay a resort tax. They really did have free wifi. On the positive side, it was in a great area,",3
4874, November 2017,Great value for money,"Quick and efficient front desk, seamless check in/check out. Liked the location, comfy bed, room view, 1$ continental breakfast (considering you are in NYC it is a major deal). Didn't appreciate the hectic lobby, renovated but worn out room, lack of amenities.",4
4875, November 2017,Frosty reception and unreasonable service charges,"The location is excellent, the hotel in decent condition - however comparable to a Travelodge was extremely pricy, and desk staff were unhelpful, and lack of quality for service charge bring score lower",3
4876, November 2017,No water in the bathrooms and too much noise,There was no water in the bathrooms and I couldn’t take a shower and too much noise. I couldn’t sleep and I Had to go to one of my coworkers apartment to take a shower. Besides the elevators are lousy. When I complained To the staff They didn’t do anything,1
4877, November 2017,Won’t return,"Hotel location was perfect, hotel lobby area lovely and liked the attached food court. On the down side rooms were very dirty and got some kind of insect or bug bites, carpet very dirty and I would not return for this reason unfortunately",2
4878, November 2017,"Decent hotel, typical 3 star hotel","The room was a typical 3 star hotel, comparisons could be made between an older holiday inn, in the U.K. Although the hotel was modified in recent years, more effort could have been spent on the rooms. The lobby and reception areas are 4 star areas, rooms are a low 3 star",3
4879, November 2017,Stained Water from Faucet. No water from 9pm to 3am,Stained Water from faucet. No water from 9pm yo 3am. Hallway too gloomy and dark. Rooms not relaxing at all. You need to.improve your hallways. I have stayed in smaller hotels in NYC but managed to give a comfortable accommodation.,1
4880, November 2017,"Broken elevators, closed stairs","We stayed on the 22nd floor for 2 nights, Sun - Tues. Monday morning, they had the lobby stairs closed to mop so everyone had to wait for 2 elevators to go down one floor to exit. The 2nd night, after coming home at night, all 8 elevators were out of order, so they were sending everyone to a line to wait on ONE service elevator. We waiting for 20 minutes in line for the one elevator. On the 22nd floor, we exited to the laundry/garbage area with no staff telling us where to go. Checking out the next morning, with NO communication from the hotel, we realized the elevators were still not working. I remembered hearing that they would work up to floor 14, so we carried our luggage down 8 flights to find an elevator. Staff was not very friendly or helpful. Check out staff",2
4881, November 2017,Room had roaches.,"The room had cockroaches. It was also literally in the elevator lobby, with the sounds of elevators going up and down all night. The white bedding had black fuzz on it, as if it hadn't been cleaned terribly well. Otherwise, the room was small but adequate.",1
4882, November 2017,Comfortable,nice place in excellent location with goods restaurants and goods rooms perhaps a little small. The personal was correct and it was a good choice forcus and the relation price/product was interesting.,4
4883, November 2017,Don’t stay here!,Water was turned off after 11pm but no one informed us that they’d be doing that. Hotel was not clean. I could hear every word of the conversation next door. The service was horrible and rude. Door man was all very rude and lazy!,1
4884, November 2017,Location location location,The the hotel is in a great location very close to Time Square and thus easy access to basically everything. I'm not sure about the price/size for room but no fridge or extra room for much else other than yourself. The internet and gym are available but no other amenities but a wide selection of food is available for purchase on 1st floor.,3
4885, November 2017,Great stay,"Everything you need to sleep and enjoy while most of your time is spent outside! Staff is great and will spend another day for sure! Food, entertainment and location to theater district is amazing! Thanks!",5
4886, November 2017,Needs a little tweaking.,"The daily resort fee is for things I do not need. It's important to add that into the overall cost of the room night when comparing prices. For a deluxe room with a city view, the windows need to be washed more frequently. The room was clean. I expected to see the view out the window. The express check out system needs a little tweaking. It's more than just simply putting your key in the box in the lobby as described on the under the door bill. You get an email as well and the system had errors, when brought to the attention of the staff, they overpowered the conversation by speaking over me. It's a great location. Don't get me wrong. The hotel itself is great. They just need to address a few things. I did not receive an email on the day of arrive with the QR code to skip the",3
4887, November 2017,Trip,Not happy with rates - Internet speed. Resort fee should be more clarified. Internet speed was horrible. Rooms were very loud - was kept up at night and could hear everything in hallways and outside. Rooms were a bit small,3
4888, November 2017,Water shut off,"Usually like to stay here, rooms small but adequate. Location is great, nice breakfast. However, we were informed a few hours in advance of a routine maintenance and a total water shut off from 9p-5a. No water at all, horrible.",3
4889, November 2017,Nice but overpriced...,"The Row it a beautiful hotel and the location is amazing!!! But I'm really disappointed! First you will wait around 1 hour to get your keys!! All the staff see there is a really long line and steel only 2 will do the check in Second and most important ! The room! We are 3 sister so to have room we took the Deluxe room.... well if that's is a ""deluxe"" I don't want to see the standard.... there is no room for anything We can even open one of the suitcase and actually move a bit! Anyway for this size no it's not worth the cost!",3
4890, November 2017,my disappointment,i found problem after problem from room not being totally clean / water being turned of / safety as in cameras not working or security not wanting to check be cause my door was banged on twice and the phone wasnt working in the room / i was very disappointed . as the hotel standards on everything have dropped from i stayed in it when it was the milford plaza,3
4891, November 2017,Expectations fell short,"From the moment we arrived - focus was more on the fact that we had to pay more than what we expected, than to make us feel welcome after a rather gruelling journey. The only decent thing to be said for the room was the rather good view.",2
4892, November 2017,Theatre District Gem,"Clean, convenient and fairly priced, the Row NYC (formerly Milford Plaza) is a great value for those visiting NYC. Warning: elevators can sometimes be very slow in coming. At times when the hotel is crowded, this can be quite frustrating.",5
4893, November 2017,Will never stay here again.,"The hotel website is very misleading. The reception areas gives the impression has an expensive feel to it. The actual rooms are a massive disappointment. Small and basic. The noise was horrendous, my girlfriend couldn't sleep due to the outside noise of the traffic. We also had some kind of heater/air conditioning unit in our room, which made a loud humming noise all night. At least 4-6 out of 8 lifts didn't work for a couple of days, which resulted in us waiting one day 30 mins for a lift to our room. This hotel is over priced given the size and quality of the room. I don't pay over £500 for three nights for a nice reception area. !!!",1
4894, November 2017,Happy shopper,"It was our first time at the Row, it's right in the heart of Times Square so expect a little noise. There is a service charge for internet and phones but it's with it as unlimited and international calls are included",5
4895, November 2017,Great Location,"Great location straight in Times Square, very close to the metro, and of your in NewYork for the outlet malls there are some coaches that will pick you up right side the hotel. Rooms were clean and comfortable, very compact so definitely worth paying the extra few pounds to upgrade to the next room type. There is a Starbucks nearby so went there for breakfast. It’s in a very noisy location and front desk always seems to be busy, but helpful. Would recommend hotel for price and location.",4
4896, November 2017,Great Location,"I loved that we were close to so much, broadway shows, restaurants, museums, times square, etc. The rooms were very small but the beds were comfortable. Cleaning rooms could be better. Has a good little food court in the hotel which is very handy and lots to choose from.",3
4897, November 2017,My Excellent Stay at ROW,"I stayed at ROW for the third time this year. I was in New York for a Josh Groban concert. I had a lovely stay at ROW as usual. The room was quiet and clean, and the staff members were friendly and professional.",5
4898, November 2017,Great location. Good Customer Service.,"My friend and I have stayed at the Row NYC for four years, a week each time. The location is the best and the customer service can't be beat. Because the hotel is so affordable, it seems there are lots of young folk who stay with tours, etc. It has happened all 4 years and it gets loud and the elevators take forever. But we will stay again next year. We can't beat the proximity to the theaters, favorite restaurants, the Garment District, and there is always a Taxi, subway or bus nearby to negotiate the traffic to another destination too far away to walk to.",4
4899, November 2017,One night only,"I was only in New York City for one night, but was able to have a great, albeit short, trip while staying at the RowNYC. The location was fantastic, the off-Broadway play I was seeing was literally down the block and around the corner. The proximity to Times Square was great, as well as being so close to the 42nd St Port Authority so I was able to quickly hop on a train to Central Park and the Met. Made getting a train towards JFK easy too. The room I had was small, but it's NY. It was clean, comfortable, and I had a great view of the city lights once I finally made it back to the room. All of the staff I encountered were extremely nice, especially the bellhops and the check-in staff. I definitely plan on staying there again when traveling in NY.",4
4900, November 2017,Donot rust the Photos,"My room smelled of mildew, the ice machine was right outside my door- every loud! Paid extra for a higher floor for quietness- hotel should take that into account. Missing shower curtain, a mess at luggage drop off/pick up.",2
4901, November 2017,Frequent Customer,"We love staying at The Row. The location is great if you love Broadway! It is in walking distance of all of the theaters. We visit NY at least twice a year and always stay at The Row. The price is good for a NY hotel, even though the rooms are small.",4
4902, November 2017,Great Location!,"Comfortable rooms located very close to Times Square and a short walk to other nearby attractions. Lots of food choices located inside the hotel and the staff was helpful. The water quality in the shower was iffy but the location, price and comfort of the bed was worth it.",4
4903, November 2017,Good Place to Stay in NYC,"I recommend Hotel NYC for travelers. Nice, friendly service. Clean rooms. The entrance was nice. The lobby was nice. The location was excellent and near many of the New York landmarks such as Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Plaza.",4
4904, November 2017,Money's worth,It's a great location and you get your monies worth. The staff was very friendly and very accommodating. I look forward to more visits to this location.. I was impressed with the cleanileness off the room.,4
4905, November 2017,Times Square,"some staff were very helpful and some didn't seem very helpful at all. Long line/wait for the concierge to book airport transportation as I had to wait as he helped other guests navigate tickets for Broadway/Madison Square Gdns. The room was very clean. The breakfast/room represent good value, however didn't realize there's an additional $ 60 fee for the facilities? Also, I paid for a juice at the breakfast bar and onto of the $10 charge for the juice, there was an extra ""over"" fee of $ 3.00. The design of the hotel is great and comfortable but as it's super busy location - there should be more staff trained to help business travellers.",3
4906, November 2017,ROW NYC IS THE PITS,"Room on 10th floor was really dirty and small. This would not be acceptable in the UK for the price rate of the room. Don't cleaners clean in the corners or carpet edges and the bathroom was disgusting!! This should be at minimum a 50% refund and I am prepared to trip advisor/complain to booking.com, my photos if this gesture is not met. I did complain at reception, the girl was apologetic but the guy in the pink shirt was arrogant as if what we were saying wasn't true. Overall this is simply NOT GOOD ENOUGH.",1
4907, November 2017,Average at Best,"Poor staff attitudes towards paying guests, a less than helpful manager, shabby rooms, wrong room assigned to us, broken lift door closed on us spilling hot coffee over us and burning us. Good location is about the only positive.",3
4908, November 2017,GREAT location but that is where it stops.,"We choose this hotel even after reading the poor reviews because of price and location. The location is PERFECT. Could not be happier. But happy stops there. As others have reviewed, the rooms are small - try not to book a twin room. But it was sufficient as we were out for majority of the day, everyday. Everything went south on our check out day. We were greeted first thing in the morning with an extra $163 charge for ""facilities fee"". We had paid everything in advance... so be careful of this charge. Still have no idea what this charge is for. Front desk clerks hang up on you because they have no idea how to answer questions. For the most part, the entire front desk staff really have no idea what customer service is... they would rather try to rationalize their actions.",3
4909, November 2017,Needs Improvement,"I’ve written many reviews and this is the first time I’ve been negative about a hotel. I truly try to find the positives, but I’ve had a hard time with this review. Let me start with the positives. 1. Location. This hotel is absolutely perfectly placed for your stay in NYC just off Times Square and in the heart of the action. 2. Staff are generally quite friendly. 3. The Food court attached to the hotel is nice with excellent, overpriced, options like sushi, tacos, seafood and salads. The donuts are also incredible! Now, with the sad truths. 1. This hotel needs a cleaning. I appreciate that hundreds, if not thousands, of guests come through daily, but our room was in rough shape when we arrived. It was also the smallest room we’ve ever stayed in and my wife and I laughed",3
4910, November 2017,Rubbish stay,The worst hotel I have ever stayed in my life and I am a frequent travel across five continents . Stayed at three hotels during my stay in NYC November 2017 for three nights each and ROW was the worst . We did not even want to come back to the room despite freezing temperatures and tried our best to spend time outside coming back only to sleep Very dirty and small room extremely poor quality . Felt like a cheap university door room with disgusting toilets and small bed.,1
4911, October 2017,Satisfied customer,"Happy to return to Row NYC for my 3rd stay. I have always been happy at Row. Cool rooms, kind staff, quiet for a light sleeper such as myself, and great location in NYC. If it were not so expensive to stay right in Manhattan, I would visit more often.",5
4912, November 2017,The Colbys' stay in New York,Our overall experience was awesome. No issues with any of the staff. The maids were smiling and cordial every morning. Security was nice so we did not have to worry about people roaming the halls that did not belong. Thank you for a wonderful time. It was our 10 year anniversary.,5
4913, November 2017,nn,"good hotel some minor details in the rooms, great services, good food in the middle of New York perfect to walk to any place you want to go, close to time's square and Broadway, a lot of restaurant near by",4
4914, November 2017,If only.........,"This hotel is actually nice. They work hard to keep the lobby area clean. There is really not much of a lobby. They have built a cool wide staircase type of setting I. Front of a bar, cool but not a comfortable place to call lobby. They have a couple of quick bite eateries right around the corner from this bar, district m, ok food. You get 10% off with your room key. The blessed elevator system. Great idea if only anyone will explain this feature the moment you register. They have an attendant right by the elevators and he sees guests with their luggage clueless as to how to get to the elevators, but he ignores them. I sadly saw this a number of times. I saw two older ladies trying so hard. All you do is go to one of the key pads next to the elevators and press the floor number.",2
4915, November 2017,Just don’t do it,"Was booked into this hotel with a group and we all had bad experiences. My room was not only the smallest on the floor (despite booking the third quality level) and the bathroom shower had more black mold stain than I have ever seen in a hotel bathroom. The carpets are dark black for a reason—to hide the dirt. When I went to the reception to see if I could switch rooms, the person in line in front of me was trying to move rooms as well and was told they didn’t have any available rooms. This hotel is constantly chaotic and the lobby and reception is always full. With all of the choices for hotels in this area of New York, you will be much happier at another hotel.",1
4916, November 2017,Needs Deep Cleaning,"The room was in need of a deep cleaning. Baseboards and trimwork were dusty, grimy and dirty. Bathroom walls were disgusting. There was a tortilla chip crumb in the sheets. Plumbing fixtures were old.",2
4917, October 2017,.Great Hotel,I loved this hotel. The room was very clean and had very comfortable twin beds. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were going to see two Broadway plays and this hotel was so conveniently located to the theatres in the Heart of Times Square. The elevator system is fabulous. You never had to wait for the elevators.,5
4918, November 2017,Poor service! All staff are not friendly and fake smiles.,"Not every foot provide water, when I went to the water machine that they write on the label tagged on the wall, however the staff didn’t let me fill the water. And shout at me “You can not come to this floor”. I showed my room card and asked him where can I fill water, the staff said” it is not my business” SAD.",2
4919, November 2017,Worst hotel experience,"I was given room 1132, which is the worst room I have ever stayed in in my life! The horrible noises from the elevator shaft were unbearable. I tried to switch rooms and was told that I had to wait until the following day to switch. I did not sleep at all on the first night. I cannot believe that the general manager of Row would allow this room to be used. All rooms behind the elevator should be converted to storage closets. The manager was helpful and apologetic and while I understand that this is not his fault, I am appalled that I was not given a full refund for that night. Terrible experience!",2
4920, November 2017,Will be back!,"Came in April and back again in November! This is the ONLY place to stay in New York! Literally minutes from everything you want to see. Rooms were amazing, view outstanding, staff wonderful... and don't forget the Sugar Factory!",5
4921, November 2017,Good location for theater district.,"Our stay was fair. Descent choices for breakfast. Good location for theater district. Good walking distance for sights at Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and 5th Ave. Ask for room away from elevator.",3
4922, November 2017,Location Location Location,"I've stayed here multiple times and have reviewed the hotel a few times. Pros: fast elevators, good breakfast pastries, good (for New York) room deals--check out the facebook deal--the location is perfect, nice housekeeping staff, there is security by the elevators and you have to show a room key to leave the lobby floor, and again, LOCATION. Cons: tiny rooms, street noise if you're on the 6th floor, thin walls, always crowded, less than delightful front desk staff (not rude, just abrupt).",4
4923, November 2017,Great Location,"Great location for Theater District and Times Square. Close to train and many good restaurants. Staff was friendly. Room was clean but a little small. They did mess up our reservation, we booked a queen room and the only thing available was a double. Room was OK, just bed was small.",4
4924, November 2017,"Perfect location, but...","The location was perfect. It’s in the middle of the city, near Times Square and Broadway. It’s so easy to get food around, a lot of tourist spots around for picture. But the room was just okay. The bathroom was small, with narrow bath tub and confined space for your toiletries. It’s just a place for you to put your stuff then you go explore NY, not for a staycation-kinda-place",4
4925, November 2017,"Good hotel, great location",This a better than average hotel but is in a great location. The rooms are quite small and we found the room very hot at night despite having the A/C on. For a hotel in Manhattan it is pretty good value and is certainly clean and well kept.,3
4926, November 2017,Great location - terrible customer service,"The Row is in a great location. 10 mins walk to Times Square and within short distance of everything needed. However, on arrival the person who checked us in really didnt seem interested and we also had to request a cleaner come to our room as soon as we got in. Dirt on the windows, lamps and tables, floor hadn't been vacuumed and there was a dirty sock in one of the bedside drawers. Calling housekeeping was a disaster as their number kept connecting me to the operator, who hung up on me twice as this ""wasnt her problem"". The operator also said this to the concierge when i went to speak to them. Eventually getting through to a voicemail service i left a message asking for our room to be cleaned, and it was around 30 mins later by a really nice guy who agreed the room needed",3
4927, November 2017,ROW New York experience,Our ROW experience was a blast. The weather in New York was crazy. Never experience that kind of weather. The place is near times square so its very convenient to stay in this hotel and the bars are near the place.,4
4928, November 2017,DISAPPOINTING ROOM!!!!,"We've stayed here for the past 12 years, and have never had such disappointing rooms. We were in the ""Deluxe"" Twin room, as we have many times. This room was nowhere near the same as the others. This room had absolutely nowhere to put anything. We had to work out of a corner of the floor with our suitcases. Room would have actually been okay for just 1 person, using the 2nd bed for stuff",4
4929, November 2017,Good,"I found this hotel good, the staff excellent and everything else fine. Did not eat there so can’t comment but I will say it’s brill for being central to everything you want to see or access and for a broadway show is so handy. I also recommend. The big bus tours as the staff wait outside the hotel to ask you but don’t be put off as you get a better deal than paying before you go",4
4930, October 2017,Good location to visit New York in Time Square,"This hotel was in a great location to visit all the attractions for New York. It has free wifi . The hotel lobby is probably the best place in the hotel. Our room was pretty basic, the bed was comfortable but that's was all we needed really, a place to sleep after a long day visiting and exploring. Was a little disappointed when we first saw it. It wasn't that clean either, crumbs under the table and bed, the shower had black fungus around the taps and where the seals are around the bath. The bedding was plain white and not what was advertised. Would stay somewhere else next time!",2
4931, November 2017,"Good value, perfect location","3 of us (in 2 rooms) has a packed and fun visit. Broadway (and really everything) is mere steps away. The staff was lovely. Downstairs restaurant a busy hive. We didn't have much of a view, but we were hardly in the room when awake.",5
4932, November 2017,Not worth the money.,"It’s good for a stay, but that’s about it. The lobbies were not clean. It was not safe and secure. Anybody could enter the hotel at any given time. There was a lot of noise from adjacent room and halls.",1
4933, November 2017,Very nice hotel,"Great location, with lucky you get a partial view from Broadway. In low levels all you see it's walls and air conditioning machines. The best was the receptionist Junior, he was truly amazing making our experience much better! Thank you Junior, you are the best!",4
4934, October 2017,30 years ago,"Last time we stayed at the Row NYC it was called The Milford Plaza - in the early 80's. The rooms were small back then and are still on the small side, however now they are very nicely appointed, clean, and comfortable. The location of the Row cannot be beat - right in the heart of the theatre district. What really helped seal the deal for us was the amazing customer service shown by Cesar on the front desk when we arrived. He made an almost impossible situation bearable for us. Every one of the staff we encountered went beyond to make our one night stay in October 2017 a pleasure and we are already looking forward to a return visit.",4
4935, November 2017,"Row NY, first and last time there","I'm flying to NY once a year, and it's the first time that i find a hotel, where I'm not happy with. The location of the hotel is perfect. Cleaness of the room, just horrible. Three nights and they never cleaned the floor. Too expensive for what they give you. First and last time in Row NY for me.",1
4936, November 2017,You want access?,"Row is in the middle of everything, literally. Close to the theatres and all the eateries you need. the rooms are very small but kinda forces you to get out and see what New York has to offer. It's amazing how they pack so much into this hotel. The food court is excellent and not too expensive. With the Subway close by access to the rest of the city is easy.",4
4937, October 2017,Great location.,"Location could not be beat for seeing broadway shows. Bathroom needs updating. Rooms are not very big, but you will not spend a lot of time in your rooms while in NY. Staff was helpful. Liked city kitchen next door - quick and healthy meals.",3
4938, October 2017,Happy in New York,"See the Grand Central Station Architectural tour. Stored our luggage at check out. Easy/efficient process. Hotel has great central location. Nearby Bryant Park was a calm oasis with food, coffee and bathrooms",5
4939, October 2017,A great place to start,"This was our second stay at the Row. It is an older building and the rooms are on the small side however this does not detract from the service. We found its location to be the best, especially for first timers in NYC. Times Square is just 2 blocks over, the Port Authority Bus Terminal and 42nd Street subway 2 blocks down and the Grey Line tour office a couple of blocks up. We were sick for most of our stay there and didn't want house keeping to come in every day. The house keeping people on our floor were most helpful with any requests we had. This is a great place to stay.",5
4940, November 2017,"Poor inconsiderate service, thin walls but great location","Had a reserved block of rooms with college friends. Many of us got in early and checked in at noon, but were told rooms would not be ready until after 4- fine. However, when we returned to check in, only ONE staff member dealing with long line of pre- checked in guests like us- had to wait half an hour and then go through whole check in process again. Rooms were ok- small but clean, but walls so thin you could hear conversations and bathrooms sounds in next door rooms! Street noises expected in NYC, but from the 14th floor , sounded as if you were standing outside with sirens and horns and people shouting...I️ have stayed at many hotels in NYC and this is unusual. Was in the shower in am when all the lights in the bathroom and overhead lights in room went out- had to finish",3
4941, November 2017,Good location,"Stayed here for a few days and was really happy. The location is really good to get to times square and it's not far from central park. Upon arrival hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was a decent size with a small double bed and bathroom with a shower. We had a nice view from our room. I would recommend this hotel as even though fro some it may be a little basic in the room, it's all you really need if you're going to be out all day. There was a good size tv in the room and the hotel also offers a restaurant, bar and gym.",4
4942, October 2017,1 week in NYC,"The hotel is good, great location, nice staff and overall clean. The internet was really slow and the bed/mattress could have been much better, seemed to be too used. Maybe they should revise the bed conditions more often.",3
4943, October 2017,Memorable trip to NYC,"In the middle of Manhattan, close to the best restaurants New York has to offer, in the middle of the Theatre District and one block from Times Square. Very comfortable rooms, very helpful staff. will stay again",5
4944, November 2017,2017 marathon,Did not appreciate the campaign in the lobby about free gifts for attending a meeting for the condos. You are not getting anything for free. Did not like going to another floor to fill up our water bottles. We were three in a room and the supplies only accommodate 2 people. No small refrigerator to keep medication.,4
4945, November 2017,"Good Location, very central","Great Location, very central, clean rooms, good wifi. The $100 fee for security came as a surprise. This wasn't communicated when I made the reservation. The ammount will be given back, but it was a $100 extra yhat I didn'y take consideration with. At one point I felt burdenend to ask something to the staff. They weren't that friendly, seemed always too busy and in a hurry to help you. However, it was a good stay, the room was fine a bit small but just enough for me and my friend.",4
4946, June 2017,"Ugh, never again.","My family and I had to stay here one night in June because the reservation was made and paid for. It was hot, crowded, and the lobby was full of people who were not even staying there! Our room was tiny with a view of an alley. Noisy and the elevators seems to run all night. Parking is not included and we had to park far away and pay $50. for 24 hours. We will never stay here again.",1
4947, November 2017,Buen Hotel,"Very well located. Rooms are not noisy eventhough times square is around the corner. Turist ""hop on hop off"" buses start nearby. In general its a cool Hotel. A little too crowded in the lobby for my taste, but rooms are OK. Didnt try the food. Overall a good experience.",4
4948, November 2017,Great location.,Great location. Nice staff. Bathroom very small but okay. Comfortable room. A/C fan broken and very noisy. Hotel tried to fix quickly but still was broken. Have stayed here 3 times this past year. Comfortable,5
4949, October 2017,Excellent location,"The room was clean, the location excellent, and there were no issues with the internet speed. The room could be bigger, but it wasn’t much of an issue for me, because I stayed only for two nights. I appreciated a 1$ complimentary breakfast. Would recommend",4
4950, November 2017,our trip,"great location, everyone was nice. Room was quiet and clean.Staff was friendly and helpful Would stay again. Close to Broadway, 5th Avenue. Subway and bus were close. Plenty of places to eat and shop.",5
4951, November 2017,"Good hotel, always busy","I stayed here for 3 nights and it was good for my stay. I only spent 8 hours a night in my room so all I needed was a clean room and that’s what I got. The air con is loud so was turned off just before I went to bed. Room was cleaned well everyday, checking could have been better but I got the room I paid for so that’s all that mattered. Check out was a breeze as I used express check out and had no need to speak to anyone.",4
4952, November 2017,The Row Experience,"I have no complaints regarding my stay at the Row NYC. The location is walking distance from theaters and great restaurants. Friendly service, clean room, great facilities. I didn't need anything more than that.",4
4953, November 2017,"Tiny rooms, very different from the pictures",I booked a Deluxe room and ended up staying in the smallest hotel room I have ever seen. It did not have space for my bag (only two carry ons) and the bed was also small... Don't trust the pictures on their site!,2
4954, February 2017,This was for meetings at the UN.,"The Row NYC was horrible because the customer service was absolutely atrocious! The reservation was ""lost"", the people at the front desk were extremely rude and discourteous, and it was several hours before this was cleared up and I was able to get the room. I don't recommend this hotel at all!",1
4955, November 2017,Great Location,Great location and clean hotel but not the greatest in terms of amenities and guest services. Tried to tell us we were upgraded (for a room we'd already paid for!) but it was a below average size (even for NY) room for 4 people. Got moved but then had lots of room issues still.,3
4956, September 2017,"Convenient, clean, fun",The best hotel price quality. And a great coffee shop in the lobby. Great for millennial students Hundred of places around to eat. 9 th street with different restaurants to eat. Theaters just around the corner,5
4957, October 2017,ROW NYC stay,"Our stay is well and good. Even the housekeeping staff made it a point to greet us everyday. But the breakfast area has a limited space, knowing that there are a lot of people checked in. But all in all, everything's good.",4
4958, November 2017,Dissapointing,"very dissapointing when I knew my uniform wasn't taken to the laundry service I had requested. The manager, the only thing she did was apply a discount on my total rate. And I had to figure out where to take my uniform for laundry service. I hope the communication between housekeeping and front desk increases because it's the worst thing to know the service you asked for nobody cares.",3
4959, November 2017,ROW experience,"Very noisy, busy, and chaotic lobby. Insufficient staff assigned to check-in process therefore long lines for check-in. Even though told that there was 24hr. service at the front desk, I couldn't find anyone at the early hour I checked out.I had to yell for someone to come. The room needed vacuuming. Bathroom was very clean and the shower easy to use.",3
4960, January 2017,Terrible service,"Stayed at this hotel in January. When we arrived we saw 3 bellboys standing at a small desk just chatting to each other, none of them offered us to help with the suitcases. The check in was very basic. Asked for ID, credit card, provided us with the room key and that was it. Not a ""good afternoon"" or anything. The room is simple, but okay. The deal included free international phone calls. We wanted to call home and say we arrived safe, but the phone didn't work. We went down to the concierge. He did not seemed surprised at all or even offered to fix the phone in the room. We were allowed to make a phone call at the desk though. The concierge was nice enough to explain the high lights in the city. We also decided to book theater tickets through him. Worst mistake ever!!! We",1
4961, November 2017,Rude personnel and very noisy,"The personnel didn't solve us anything, we asked for a better room and they didn't gave us anything, they didn't care that we were there for the marathon and needed a good night sleep. I reserve a single bed room and they gave me a 2 bed room.",2
4962, October 2017,Great Location. Average hotel. Very busy!,"This hotel is all about location i get that. Its a very, very average hotel. Its so busy. The main reception is constantly cluttered with people. The bar area is also very busy. Rooms are not great at all, mine didn't feel clean. Bathrooms are old and again didn't feel that clean There is a gym looked OK, i didn't spend anytime at the hotel apart from sleeping nor did i eat there. I wont ever return, i didn't enjoy my stay at all. There are better, more comfortable hotels available in this price bracket but a few blocks away from this great location.",2
4963, September 2017,"Great location, and clean, safe.","Great location clean, and no complaints at all. The service was very good. They have an early, and after checkout bag check so you can spend your time in NYC. Location is next to Times Square, and Hell's Kitchen.",5
4964, November 2017,NICE HOTEL AND UNBEATABLE LOCATION,"Nice place to stay, everything is at walking distance, broadway shows, time square, good restaurants, Stores for shopping. With breakfast included or a discount at the Kitchen Place it would it be much better.",4
4965, October 2017,Great location,Just one block away from Times Square. Easy walking to dozens of eating possibilities. Room was very clean and comfortable. Good value for the rates. have stayed here several times in the past and will continue to return.,5
4966, October 2017,Loved it!,"I stayed at the Row NYC Hotel and I loved it and was happy throughout my 2 night stay. Their hotel staff were super nice and helpful, and any requests I needed it was taken care of right away. They have an Amazing section on the 2nd floor that has all these great food court style restaurants. Great food and super convenient. They also give a discount if you show the the room card. I loved the closeness to everything as well! - Jessica (one happy Guest!)",5
4967, November 2017,HOTEL RIGHT IN THE THICK OF IT ALL,"The hotel is a bit weathered and the rooms are on the ""smaller"" side, but you can walk right out of the hotel and be in Time Square or all of the awesome places in that area of the city within minutes! If you are looking for a ""luxurious"" place to stay, maybe the more expensive rooms are nicer, but I found nothing wrong with this hotel. Especially with it's location.",4
4968, October 2017,Very priceywith little in return,If your looking to spend money with little in return this is the place for you. The photos are professional on the website so the reality of the room in much less. The most hotel rooms per floor with customer satisfaction the least,2
4969, October 2017,Unhappy overall,Unexpected daily charge of $30 per day and they put a hold on our card of $50 per day. Water trapped under tub liner was like standing on waterbed and almost fell each time we showered. Room was way way smaller than pictured. Hallways were really dark and hard to see,2
4970, November 2017,"Clean Hotel, location is excellent in the hearth of the city of Manhattan.","I have been a guest in this Hotel for many years due to the location, clean but small rooms , lately I find out is noisy also it takes too long to check in and out-- after I pay 191$ for one night I notice a $30.00 fee added for the use of internet, phone calls, gym + NY city taxes of $ 2.50 ---- checking out I ask why I have been charged for a service that I did NOT used, I have not made any local calls or in any foreign country and I have never use the Gym, -- I was told is the LAW and is mandatory to add these fees now --- I am not pleased with the answer and for this reason I will not use this Hotel in the future, be wise to ask when you book your reservation about these fees and if they apply for each night , if you stay 5 nights multiply for 5 . This is my",3
4971, November 2017,COCKROACHES IN THE ROOM,Cockroaches in the hotel room. The front desk took for ever! We had to move to another room at midnight. We paid $396 and didn't get any sleep and were totally grossed out! They didn't discount but $30 USD,1
4972, January 2017,I hate doing this....,"Stood here for 1 night. Checking in took 20 minutes. Room was atrocious. The bed seemed smaller than a double. Me being 6 ft + didnt help. Im in the hotel industry and when a hotel has a product as bad as this you at the least expect the staff to ease the pain with smiles and warmth. There were none. But I rather not end on a negative tone. The stadium seats in the breakfast area, as well as the breakfast were not bad at all. This place has the potential to do better than the reviews it bear. Just hire more personality instead of just bodies.",3
4973, November 2017,Average experience,The hotel is located in the heart of the theatre district which is great. The room I stayed is very average in decor and finish. There are cracks in paint and caulking in the bathroom. Amenities are okay. Staff was not super friendly. I witnessed a rude interaction between the staff and a family at check in. There was a long line at check in but no effort was made to add more staff to the check in process even when some of them were not apparently busy. Overall a very average experience. With so many options available in New York I will not choose the Row again.,3
4974, November 2017,best hotel to see dear evan hansen,Good quality hotel near all the show venues. Would have given 5 stars but check in is very slow and inefficient and continental breakfast so-so. Staff working hard. Room was clean and relatively spacious.,4
4975, November 2017,Very loudly room!,I spent two nights without a hotel and slept in none. very noisy. very small and uncomfortable with no place to support a suitcase. too expensive for nothing. The bathroom was ok and the cleaning too. I will never return to this hotel,2
4976, November 2017,Great stay. Thanks for everything!!!!,Everything was great. I came for the marathon and the rom was perfect and quiet and the staff very attentive. Front desk was quick and I will definitely choose The Row when I stay in New York City again.,5
4977, November 2017,Nice staff and lobby but....,"The staff was very nice and the lobby looked like it had been recently remodeled. The rooms however, were so small and looked like IKEA furniture. The hallways were darkly lit and very creepy. I wouldn't mind so much but with all the extras that were added to my bill the room was nearly $350.00 a night! Nearly $100.00 more than I thought I was paying. And no coffee in the rooms!!!",3
4978, September 2017,Repose at Row NYC,"In terribly busy streets of New York, it was a treat of tranquility in the neat room of Row NYC Hotel. Innovative idea of filling and re-filling your bottles with fresh water & ice cubes provided on alternate floors was great experience.",5
4979, October 2017,Better find another hotel,"The room is very small and the ceilling is very low. The air conditioner is very noisy i have to wear earplug when i sleep and also i can hear people shouting from the street. The room is very dusty , they only make your bed change your sheet without cleaning the room. The towel in the bathroom also very dirty, i found yellowish spot on my fresh towel twice!!! Its a shame! The good part about this hotel is only the location. Shame shame shame ! Th",1
4980, October 2017,Great location,Just off Times Square so location was good. Amenities were not used on the whole but lots on offer. Room compact for a family of four but completely adequate for a city break stay. Staff very friendly.,4
4981, September 2017,Double dipping,The Row hotel suited our needs but they like to double dip with their so called resort fees I paid in full before I left Australia including the resort fee but they wouldn't hear about it .very rude management .,3
4982, November 2017,Filthy,Such a shame as the foyer area is stunning and the staff are nicely presented and then the room is this filthy! Not what you expect when you pay the amount you pay to go to NY!!!! Killed overall 8 flys in 3 days and the window have not even been open in which the hotel staff tried to say was the reason! Disappointed to say the least.,1
4983, November 2017,Great place to launch your theater experience,"Can't beat the location, steps from Broadway theaters and restaurant row. The adjacent food court has amazing quick-eat options, and there's a ton of nightlife and activity at your doorstep, all for less than a typical NYC hotel, in a clean, easy-to-navigate hotel.",4
4984, October 2017,This is the second time I have stayed at the Row Hotel NYC. My stay was quiet and with no great difficulty to move aroun,"The rooms are comfortable and for a reasonable price it is possible to add the continental coffee, without having to move outside the hotel. There are other facilities that are offered such as a bar, ice cream shop, store where you sell newspapers, magazines and items you may have been forgotten to bring. The lcalización is perfect, because it is half a block from the subway and shops of well-known brands. Not to mention it is located in the center of Times Square.",4
4985, November 2017,"Convenient yet busy location, watch out the $30 facilities charge","Had a good stay, the hotel is in a busy location but once inside the rooms are clean and comfortable although not large. Would have been a real “find” in NYC had I not been surprised by a $30 per day (plus tax) facilities charge.... not really sure what it’s for, it’s. It optional so why not include in the room rate?",4
4986, October 2017,Great Location,We had to cut our stay short due to a family emergency. Our booking was flexible so the staff was very helpful in adjusting our bill. The hotel location is great to get to times square and broadway. The staff were friendly and helpful.,4
4987, November 2017,Poor stay this time...,"I use this hotel a lot for work and have stayed here year on year with no problems... this year however... not so. Changed rooms 4 times in the space of 24hrs, had difficulties with packages being delivered ($100+ for packages I had to collect myself in the end) and the bed was horrendously uncomfortable... will be looking for a new hotel for our next event, sadly. Holes in bathtub, 3 hr engineer wait for working aircon, hairs all over bathroom, unchanged toiletries and towels... Rooms are now looking tired, and some are so small you can barely sit on the toilet without touching the sink encasing... need a refresh and new mattresses. Management staff however are very approachable and genuine. Tried as best they could to sort the issues.",2
4988, November 2017,Not good,"Very poor in cleanliness, room quality and general conditions of the hotel Location is good, so are the hundreds of hotels I later found in the area No basic amenities like coffee making facilities, drinking water provided in the room",2
4989, October 2017,The Manager Ms. Guardado is not professional,"I have been staying in this hotel for one night, my credit card expired 2 days ago so I couldn't book with my card. A friend of mine did it for me, once in the hotel they told me that they should contact that friend, that what she did, my friend filled a form and signed it telling that he allow the hotel to debit only the guarantee, I paid the hotel cash, it's been a month now that I left and the hotel didn't give back the guarantee to my friend. I sent so many emails to the manager but she never answer. What should I do now???",1
4990, October 2017,Great location,"Get the bonus deals for hop on hop off bus 59 dollars for 48 hours for two people. Close to hell kitchen, and theater district . Breakfast was fast and easy. Bar was nice, not too crowded, get room on15 or higher floor",4
4991, October 2017,The Row Hotel!,I checked into the Row Hotel last Tuesday and was delighted to meet one of the front desk managers by the name of Junior. He was wonerful! He had such a wonderful attitude and personality. He made the check in such a pleasure! He is such an asset to the Row Hotel and should be acknowedged in todays world as its rear to have employees of this nature on your team!,5
4992, November 2017,Avoid,"Rooms aren’t available until 4 PM, and I had the cleaning crew banging on my door at 7:30 AM. Also I recommend keeping your bags at an adjacent hotel while you wait to check in. It took me 45 minutes (yes 45 minutes) to drop my bag with the hotel for the day.",1
4993, October 2017,Best Location! Some Staff Rude!,"Our hotel room was smaller than expected. We were disappointed at first, but by the end of our stay we were satisfied due to the hotel's location. We were able to walk to most everything (Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Broadway shows, etc.). The only time we took the subway was when we went to the 9/11 Memorial and Museum and to and from the JFK Airport. The water bottles we had anchored to our luggage disappeared when we placed them in storage at the hotel. The bottles would have had to been pried off, or intentionally unlatched, in order for them to be moved. We later were able to recover them. After reporting them missing, they were found on a shelf in the luggage room. (Who knows how they got there!) Some of the bell-hops were rude. They expected tips from",3
4994, November 2017,small room,"there's nothing change after all this reviews. it has been year that the ROW NYC are not clean, rude stuff, and the carpet is not change. i've been there for couples times and it still like that. i won't go back again even it cheaper. i would suggest DO NOT STAY at ROW NYC is a better choice. they always say customer is the first priority but i never any changes.",1
4995, October 2017,Not recommended to couples.,"The price quality ratio is low. In general the attention of the hotel staff was poor, especially the attitude of the concierge. I had the need to make the confirmation of my return flight by phone and from the room it was imposible since the call was cut. I tried to do it three times and then I went to ask the concierge for help, explaining the situation and he respond that it was impossible that the problem was the hotel, and when I asked for help, his answer was ""I can only give you the phone because it has to be an airline problem. "" terrible response and 0 real help.",3
4996, October 2017,Row Hotel - good value,"Good property for price. Rooms are small as would be expected, but well laid out. Lobby can be a bit of a zoo with lots of folks hanging around. Stores and food on site are a nice touch and convenient. CYC cycling studio in the basement of property was very handy for me.",4
4997, October 2017,Row Hotel,"Great location!!! Fast elevators. Liked the water bottle dispenser. Brutal check-in, air conditioning not working at first but dealt with quickly. Hotel interior is very dark and appears a bit tired. Nice breakfast place across the street - good pizza too.",3
4998, October 2017,3 nights in New York,"Stayed at Row NYC 3 nights in October 2017, the location is extremely central, few minutes walk to Times Square and subway stations. The hotel room was fine, clean & whilst not huge perfectly adequate with efficient shower and was quiet at night. Hotel staff very helpful and friendly, the hotel has a food court attached to it which had good food choices and discount offered if staying at hotel. Would certainly stay at this hotel again.",4
4999, October 2017,Family of four fun in NYC,"The Row was fabulous! Great location, great amount of room in our two double bed city view room, great view, quiet, fast elevators. Front desk staff was friendly and efficient. Checkout was simple. No complaints.",5
5000, October 2017,Decent but small,Fine if you don't spend much time in your room. Room was tidy but small. Bathroom was tiny with barely any space to sit on the toilet. This is the biggest complaint though. Otherwise a fine place. Great location.,4
5001, November 2017,Concierge Services at the Row NYC,"The hotel is ok. Small and a very outdated. The concierge service which is outsourced to ‘city experts’ is ridiculous. Slow and a bunch of thieves. We recommend that nobody ever books any events which they may want to attend through the concierge as you will be price gouged as we were. We ordered 2xtickets to watch the book of Mormon’s from the concierge and we were quoted $320. Upon arriving at the Eugene O’Neill theatre, we discovered that the tickets were actually $99 each and were practically robbed of $122 by city experts concierge for what the deemed to be a ‘convenience’. Please avoid the hassle as they flat out turned a deaf ear. Bunch of thieves.",1
5002, October 2017,WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.,"Low cost for a reason. Gross dorm-like bathrooms, tiny TINY beds to the point you feel claustrophic. Even if you buy the bigger room you will still get the small room. There wasn’t any part of it that made you feel comfortable. We had to go out for almost the whole night just to stay out of the room. The towels looked dirty, the “amenities” they offer are bogus. You feel like you’re in a fun house. There is ZERO soundproof in the walls which made it sound like rats were scratching the walls. The door to the room itself doesn’t even go all the way to the floor so anyone can sneak in anything and or have the ability to peep with their phone. It was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and will never ever reccomend or stay there again. It is worth the few extra bucks to",1
5003, October 2017,Really worth staying,"This was our first visit to nyc and when we went to reception we greeted by Junior, he really went out of is way to make sure we were accommadated. Rooms were small but just enough to put your head down and spotless clean.",5
5004, November 2017,Second visit still liking it.,"Met Daughter at La Guardia (from Toronto and Phoenix) took local bus and subway ($2.75) to Hotel no problems. Checked in early (prepared to check baggage) but room was ready, a bonus. Room was clean and well stocked. for the three nights we had no problems with noise,smoke,critters etc. I picked up our coffees ($3.50) in my slippers down in the lobby area each morning. What can I say everything went well even if the weather didn't cooperate for the first two days. Kudos to Parizada and her coworker Monica we had a few chuckles when we registered. ASE/1426",4
5005, October 2017,Typical NYC,"Great great location for getting around. This is a busy hotel, elevator is quick and clever. Quirky rooms. Bed was comfy. On-site dining was ok. Would possibly go back but there is such a choice in NYC",3
5006, October 2017,How to get double income off the same room,"We could not get a refund due to having to leave early. However, while dealing with our issue they sell our room to another customer and collect from that new customer for the room PLUS the prepayment we made that is not refundable. Shame on you.",1
5007, November 2017,You won’t get any rest!,"Too noisy, you feel like you are sleeping outside, and the a/c sounds like a truck! I wouldn’t recommend it. We found a used head cap under the bed sheets, when it’s supposed to be a 4 star hotel. We tried to solve it in front desk but they only gave us excuses.",2
5008, October 2017,row nyc,great location. rooms are small but clean. would stay again. we were charged for an upgade to higher room but was resolved very quickly when we advised that we were told it was not worth going to higher floor as the rooms were smaller. overall very good,4
5009, October 2017,Excellent,"Excellent hotel. Near times square. Very friendly staff. Good deal. Modern and spacious room. Perfect Wifi. Good cost-benefit ratio. Young people predominate, with an excellent atmosphere Highly recommended",5
5010, October 2017,We did love this hote,"We have stayed at the row at least 5 times .. all where great 5* until this last time Total let down .. room was really dirty snot on wall huge red stain on sheets , male shavings all over the bathroom and green goop snot like all over table next to bed",3
5011, October 2017,Expensive rooms at a great location though,"The staff was always very friendly and helpful. The room was not more than okay for the price charged. Still the location at 8th Ave is perfect to start off to Manhattan, especially when it's someone's 1st time in NYC.",3
5012, November 2017,Noise,"Toooo much noise im staying here right now and i cant sleep, the people from the hotel told us that they cannot change us room because all the hotel is noise. Im here for the marathon And I cant rest because pf the noise don’t stay here",1
5013, October 2017,Location in the heart of the action,"My room was cozy and clean and the housekeeping staff were very friendly and efficient. I requested a room change when my husband joined me for the last few days of my stay and the room they gave us for an extra $15 per night was great and well worth the few extra dollars! The view was amazing and the room looked recently renovated. The bed was very comfortable and we slept well. Although it did not bother me, be prepared for sirens and honking if you are a light sleeper. The location is so convenient and the noises of NY add to the city experience. Other than the very rude, disinterested desk clerk at check-in, the rest of the staff was friendly and helpful. Although the hallways are a little dark and dated, the elevator system is efficient and got us to the 27th floor with",4
5014, October 2017,Worest Experiance Ever,"I would chose another hotel. Clearly the staff and management of this hotel do not know how to treat guests. 1) Always long lines at the front desk 2) My room was never cleaned in between nights 3) They wanted to move my room on the 2nd night in order the sales department to show the room during a hotel tour. 4) Day of check-out, the maid was knocking on the door at 8:45am and then again at 9:45am. 5) Reina Fontanez, the director of the front desk was rude and short on customer service",1
5015, November 2017,Perfect hotel for any kind of trip to NYC! 👌🏽,"Fantastic hotel, brilliant vibe, ideal location. Couldnt find a fault! 2nd stay here and will be back again! The hotel staff are brilliant and the security and safety you feel while staying there is second to none! Couldnt recomment the hotel enough!",5
5016, October 2017,Just adequate,Not satisfied overall. Best part is location as I like getting theatre tickets at 1/2 price. Biggest complaint is cleanliness as vacuum doesn't clean next to base boards which are dusty. Plus hall carpets stained. Charged for breakfast which was complimentary - excuse - systems were down. Worst aspect was concierges were poorly trained and even though they tried to be helpful they didn't k ow very much.,3
5017, November 2017,Improve gym & house keeping.,"We requested for late room cleaning, even made appointment with housekeeping through phone to clean at 730pm, however when we returned at 11pm, room wasn’t cleaned. We needed to ask for tools to use. Gym 3 elliptical machines are all not working well. Tv feeds not complete.",3
5018, October 2017,not bad for low price,"common areas are nice; front desk area along with nice ""connection"" area for laptops or cell phone charging. The bar was nice with large screen TV. The food market was the highlight for me with a lot of different choices . The crab roll sandwich I got was outstanding, and some surprisingly good sushi from another stand too. The rooms were just OK, average at best but for the price seemed fine.",3
5019, October 2017,Average Hotel in a fantastic location,"The Hotel reception area was very nice, and the hotel room was fairly quite although it was very basic. The hotel was about 5 minutes walk to Times Square and it was really easy to get around New York, we only used the subway once during our 5 day trip! Overall it is a great hotel for the location, but that is really all you’re paying for as the hotel room was very basic.",4
5020, October 2017,A good experience,We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. Checking in was very simple and quick and the receptionist was lovely...in fact she gave us an upgrade. We were on the 12 th floor and I must say the operation of the lifts was very good...just press the floor number and a screen tells you which of the 4 lifts will take you to your floor. When we arrived on our floor for the first time there was a distinctive smell of an illegal smoking substances ...maybe not the hotels fault but it should have been detected. The room was ample sized with a sliding bathroom door.Great shower..complementary refillable water bottles and a water machine within steps of the room. Very comfortable beds with crisp linen..cleaned each day with towels replaced on each occasion. The concierge was very helpful as was,4
5021, October 2017,Location great,Expensive for the type of rooms but expected because of the location. Easy to walk to majority of places from here. Rooms - and particularly the hallways - a little worn. Reception terribly slow and not very helpful. Requested a room change so my daughter could be on the same floor as us and was told all arranged and to return at 4 for the new key. Returned at 4 and the room had clearly been reallocated - ended up waiting for over an hour before getting a new room. Was a bigger nicer room which was nice but the delay was not ideal when we thought we had arranged it all that morning. Breakfast ok but a bit confusing on our first day and can get very busy.,3
5022, October 2017,"Good value, Great location","Great location and great hotel for price, nice modern twist. Rooms smaller than they appear on website, but clean and functional. Loved the filtered water stations which are on every floor. Beds and bedding very comfortable, slept like babies. As we were traveling with our kids, 10 & 16, eating out is extreamly expensive, there is a great little place opposite the hotel, Pizza was great and huge, Made and cooked when ordered.",4
5023, November 2017,Disappointing,"We had stayed here when it was the Milford Plaza and it was a standard three star hotel. I'm afraid to say the refurbishment is a real disappointment. Poorly painted, dark rooms. The duvet had a hole in it. Towels were thin and worn. On the first day the room was cleaned but the dirty laundry left in the room. The second day it was not cleaned at all. We would not return.",2
5024, October 2017,Good 'value' - not a great experience.,The room we were given had no natural light as the blind did not open. When I lifted the blind I saw that a huge air on unit covered the window so that was maybe why. It was clean but the decor tired and there was some mould in the sealant on the shower tray. We only really had any interaction from one woman at check in. She was not exactly friendly or welcoming after a long flight. For example I asked if they would charge my card straight away she said no just authorise it then I found they had taken a deposit! Also it would have been nice to know there was a good food hall inside the hotel (we found out on the last day). The only other staff we encountered were security guards checking that we had a room key - nodding to let pass again not very friendly. You drop your key,3
5025, November 2017,Big apple,The row was in a fab location it is a little tired and could do with a fresh look corridors where dark.When we arrived we had expected a deluxe room with city view and was given the noisier rooms we have ever ever stayed in after getting up after not sleeping a wink we spoke to the lovely receptionist Junior he sorted us a new room which was good a lot quieter and a larger bed thanks Jounior ! Most of the staff where polite and helpful would def recommend the Row for the location .,4
5026, October 2017,A disappointing room,"My main issue was that the pictures that the hotel used in their gallery to represent the rooms at the time of purchase did not represent a true likeness of the room at all. The room was only superficially cleaned with the caked dirt on skirting boards behind the furniture. The restaurants were offering a carton cup stale filter coffee and no sufficient breakfast offer, but fancy exotic selection, completely unavoidable. Staff were quite shirty, with limited knowledge of facilities and some of them spoke English with very heavy accent, not always understandable. But the dirt and the misleading photos were the main problems. I would not stay at the Row again and would urge people to look elsewhere, there are plenty hotels in the area and they are roughly the similar price,",1
5027, October 2017,Could be better,"The only good thing about this place is the location. In the heart of Times Square, near of a lot of attractions in the Big Apple and near of a subway station. That said, nothing else is worth to pay what it costs. The staff is rude, not friendly at all. I believe you can find a cheaper place to stay with the same attributes. FYI it is the old Mildford hotel.",2
5028, October 2017,Location is great,Room heat did not work. Shower was cold or really hot. Location location location was excellent. Room was clean. Check in was way too crowded. Restaurant staff wasn’t that friendly. Elevator system worked fine.,3
5029, October 2017,Room review,"Hotel was ideally situated. Bathroom needs safety bars in showers and non-moving tub bottoms. It felt like a cruise ship in rough waters. Breakfast options were very good. Check-in was efficient, as was luggage storage.",4
5030, October 2017,In the Heart of Time's Square,"Every year my wife and I visit the Big Apple but typically stay in Union Square. This year, our favorite hotel was booked so we broke our routine and stayed at Row NYC. I am so glad we did. This is a hoppin' place for international hipsters and domestic alike. The location was PERFECT!!!!!! The rooms seem to have been updated quite a few years ago but still clean and trendy. Our room faced 8th Ave in the corner which was fun to look out of. The hallways are kind of dark and the public areas are a bit dirty... but hey - its New York for under $200/night. Got to love it.",4
5031, October 2017,Avoid it like the plague!,"The hotel is unsafe, unkept and the staff is rude! Food at The Kitchen is fine, nothing special. I was ore sent when hotel staff yelled at a teenager in the lobby, who do they think they are? Rude, rude, rude! Awful experience! I even ran out of towels!",1
5032, October 2017,How small is a small room,"Arrived Saturday at 2pm in October so the check in was quick and easy. We had applied for an upgrade Ron double aspect for an extra $16 per night but as this was not available was assured it would be deducted from the bill. However we were leaving at 5.30am on the Monday but were advised that we did not need to check out and the statement of spend would be put under our door at 4am, Enoch it was. However the $32 for the room upgrade had not been deducted and therefore we had to sort this out at 5am. The room was tiny and you would not be able to swing a cat. The queen bed was not available and we had a normal double which again was small. To get around the end of the bed we had to leave the bathroom light on or otherwise we would have bumped into the bed space was maximum 24",3
5033, October 2017,Great location. Tiny room. Adequate.,"Great central location. Very small rooms. Our bathtub made showering a challenge, but we managed. Electrical outlets were sparse. Higher floor minimized street noise. Mostly friendly staff. Security seemed to vary day to day, night to night. Sometimes we had to show a room key to use elevator, sometimes not. Lounge seemed very lively and loud at night.",3
5034, September 2017,HIGH APPROVAL OF ROW NYC HOTEL,"I've stayed at this hotel multiple times and will be coming back. Why? Because I'm always treated well at the Row, the location is terrific and it's very well run. I shouldn't say this because the hotel could fill up but I can't help it. See you there! Joyce",5
5035, October 2017,Recent Visit,"Hidden Charges when we arrived at hotel reception. Namely there was a charge of $30 plus tax= $32 per day for using wi-fi, internet etc; which we were not interested in, as we were on a break away . We felt a rip off as we were given no choice but to pay for same.",2
5036, October 2017,Great,"Great location, well organized and great staff. We look forward to staying at Row on our next trip to NYC and have told friends that this is not only a great hotel but it is hip and funky. We found the quick breakfast in the morning at the kitchen restaurant got us out to start our day and it was part or our room package which was a bonus.",5
5037, October 2017,Perfect location for theaters and Times Square,"Perfect location. In the heart of the theater district and two minutes from Times Square and TKTS Ticket booth. Clean. Modern. Fantastic view from the room. Friendly staff. Convenient enough to return to several times a day, if nececessary.",5
5038, October 2017,SUCKS! HORRIBLE!,"you hotel ruind my vacation at NY. it was really sucks. Ive stayed there almost 4days. paid around 2,000dolllars to you hotel. Ive been around the whole world, And its not a first time NYC, its the worst hotel Ive ever styed. first, u didnt give me any restroom key at the lobby until my checkin time. And employees are not nice at all. elevator service is slow. too many people crowded. and while I sleep in my room, cleaner service woman kept kncoking. ㅡ,,ㅡ really saucks. and when I take and get back my luggage, the guy at the door, kept saying me give him a tip. what a horrible expericence !!! and it was really really cold at that day. Ive got a cold when I ask your employees she said, ""Its not so cold yet, so we cant control the heat system"" shame on you.... really really",1
5039, October 2017,Old dirty broken down rooms,Bad quality of the rooms. Old and dirty they need to re do everything I booked this room for a customer and they were scared to stay here alone do not stay here not in a great area not pleasant at all and would not recommend anyone to stay here ever,1
5040, October 2017,Wonderful experience,"We loved the Location, Staff was great also. The windows were nice and strong so that we didn't hear much of the New York traffic at night Close to Hells kitchen for eating and the theatre We loved the bar area and the selection of the kitchen",5
5041, October 2017,The room was very small,"The room was very small although we noted that we were arriving with 3-4 suitcases. We asked to change the room and agreed to change it only for the next day, but we arrived for a total of 2 nights and after we arrived in the room it did not make sense to ask us to pack all the bags and wait until 4pm while all our things were not in the room but in luggage storage room. Very disappointing and no services",2
5042, October 2017,Great basic hotel,"We booked this hotel as it had good reviews on trip advisor. The hotel is basic the rooms are on the small side (especially the bathroom!) they are however beautifully clean and the beds comfortable. A lot of people are complaining about the $32 a night fee for use of the facilities at the hotel and a water cup, but it is highlighted when you book and just needs to be factored into the price when you place the booking. The location is brilliant, 2 minutes walk to Times Square and loads of great restaurants in the vicinity. It is a modern funky hotel and an ideal base to explore New York!",4
5043, October 2017,My wife's 40th treat,Am staying at the hotel as I write this at 3am.. hotel is in one of the best locations around... next door to times square... where in a superior queens bedroom (I think) which is good size and guess it's fine for our 5 days stay here ... basically Row hotel does the job.. THIS IS THE ONLY BAD POINT PLEASE NOTE THIS BEFORE BOOKING ESPECIALLY THROUGH A TRAVEL AGENT... Were stayin 5 nights and we never knew about the Hotel fees ..... I knew we had to pay hotel tax on arrival but a resort fee is what will put me off booking here again. £125 resort fee.... so expect to pay for the extras you WILL never use... gym ? . Guess fee Wi-Fi is good for your fee 😠😠... I paid. Extra £192 on a 5 night stay....,2
5044, October 2017,Location very good!!!,"I stayed at the ROW NYC for a weekend trip. The hotel was accommodating to our needs and very well maintained. The room is small but we had a great view of the city which was a plus. Close to Times Squares, restaurants and night life right outside of the hotel. I would stay here again just for the location.",4
5045, October 2017,Most pathatic property i stayed in my life,"Its name of location, hotel has looted to the customers, Room size is pathetic, room planning is zero, staff cooperation is in negative line, they are unable to provide basic facility of drinking water bottles in a room, what further u ll expect from them 😡😡😡😡",1
5046, October 2017,Perfect hotel in perfect site seeing location,"Hotel is perfectly located on 8th just around corner from Times Square, the theatre land of broadway and many other sites. Staff across whole hotel very helpful nothing too much trouble!! Rooms a good size for New York standards! Will visit again!!!!",5
5047, October 2017,Stay,I receieved an eye infection when I woke up in the morning After a night spent at your hotel Which is why I rated the quality of the room and cleanliness as low. Everything else was mediocre but the cleanliness was horrible. I actually had eye infections in both eyes waking up in your bed.,2
5048, October 2017,Meh,"Once in the room, slept very well, but chaotic, slow elevators, difficulty getting 1 hour later check out. Every time I returned to my room it REEKED (as in, not subtle) of cigarette smoke, a smell that makes me sick. Remedied it with some time with air conditioning on...but so gross. It surprised me that there are still hotels that allow smoking in the rooms!! I’m spoiled in California I guess.",3
5049, October 2017,"Conniving, rude & filthy hotel",I work in hospitality in London - never before have I experience rude inadequate crafty staff. I diligently checked through many hotel sites - as I visit New York yearly and know about the add on taxes which can make an affordable stay extortionate. Upon check in the girl told me that in my package I had a facilities package - which included WiFi and international calls and some other things. I reiterated “ok. How much?” To which she responded “you will pay not a penny more for this - it’s included in your package”. It wasn’t and they added $210 at the end. Which was this! Then they added taxes and service charges and when I questioned the imbecilic manager he said “get your booking up and we will see?” I did so and they were baffled and they too turned out to prove yet again,1
5050, October 2017,Best 30th birthday stay!,"Great hotel which has fab entertainment and just 2 minutes from times square what more do you want. The friendly staff are more than happy to help you plan your site seeing, as well as advise you on the best places to shop, eat and drink.",5
5051, October 2017,Sadly Disappointing,"Good location to theatres. Internet good, everything else very poor unfortunately. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to others. A single person wth a quick overnight stay who just wanted a bed might find this hotel suitable.",2
5052, October 2017,Room/hotel review,"Fab location just round the corner from Times Square but really not worth the money for the proximity to the theatre district. Beds very comfortable which was the only saving grace. Overpriced, especially once taxes are added on. Long queue to check in. I wouldn't stay again.",3
5053, October 2017,Close to time square,Convenient hotel in New York for great price. Crowded when arrived and check in lengthy process. Great how close it is to time square. Rooms small but clean. And convenient bar and restaurant in lobby.,3
5054, October 2017,HORRIBLE DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL,"Rude rude staff from the minute we walked in to check in. We wanted to get valet parking and told us someone would be outside to take the car, had to come in several times to say there is no one outside doing valet, finally, a guy came outside to take the car then when we were leaving the next day we stood outside for 40 minutes waiting for them to bring the car back!! We were also told that we were not allowed to have breakfast like the rest of the guests because we booked through a third party. No waters in the room, there are water fountains on certain floors, we were told there was one on the floor above us, took the elevator up, could not find the water fountain, asked a cleaning lady where it was and she said RIGHT THERE!!! and pointed to it screaming at us and then told",1
5055, October 2017,Great,"It was my first experience in this hotel and I really appreciate. Everything was great (staff, cleaning...), and especially the location !! I would probably return in this hotel if I come back to New York again.",4
5056, October 2017,basic rooms for price with minimum amenities,"We saw great reviews for the Row and stayed at many small big city hotels, i.e. Paris, LA this particular boutique hotel was very dissapointing from the time we checked in with unfriendly service. We did not have any room service next day and had to even ask for new towels. Poor lighting, small bathrooms, but clean rooms. No real restaurants or amendities despite the 30 service fee, only a neighbouring indoor cycling studios that you can use. i.e. most hotels with a resort service fee have a pool, hotub and game room at least. Very dissapointed for price for sure when compared to other hotels in area.",3
5057, September 2017,"Expensive, but clean and good location","Excellent location near times square. though pricey...service was friendly though long wait times, the room was fun...a bit gimmicky cool....and the attached restaurant inside were handy for a take-out on our way to the airport. They too were overpriced...",3
5058, October 2017,New York city,"Nice hôtel and good location exept that new york was very expensive, with tax and tips. Without this New York is very amazing City with senpetize people , the Times Square give you a sensation that you are in dream.",3
5059, October 2017,I love NY,I always stay at the Row when I travel to the city. It's the best value for the location. Loved the murels in the hallways and the NYC feel to the place. The staff is freindly and well trained in hospitality. My wife and I give this place high marks.,5
5060, October 2017,Terrible hotel,I called the costumer service several times. Nobody answer my question because it goes different location. And just told me front desk phone number but off course nobody answer. It's horrible hotel. They never can improve. Their business model itself horrible.,1
5061, October 2017,Row me away into happiness!,This is the perfect location for Times Square. This is my 2nd recent stay here because it’s walking distance to all the theaters and the action. The rooms while small (but what isnt - it’s NY) are chic and always clean! I love the decor and all the amenities on the 1st floor including restaurants and a gift shop.,5
5062, October 2017,ELEVATOR NOISE inside the room,Elevator noise inside the room makes it impossible ti sleep. Unfortunately I could not sleep at all even after spending almost $700 for 1 night. Hopefully they get it fixed soon. I can't recommend the hotel at all when the main purpose is to SLEEP.,1
5063, November 2016,Fab location,"Enjoyed our stay here, staff were friendly and accommodating. Enjoyed the bar on an evening for a drink and listen to the live music. The hotel is in a great location for reaching Times Square, there’s bars, restaurants and cafes all around. The only negative for us was that our room was on the small side, but we had an amazing view!",4
5064, October 2017,"Mostly acceptable, one critical flaw","The good - The location is right in Midtown. It is close to the Broadway theaters, Times Square, and ample access to the Metro. The elevator system is really cool. In the elevator bank you enter your desired floor, and an elevator comes to take you exactly there. The neutral -The room was quite small, but it wasn't really a problem. The rooms seem designed for business travelers who are staying solo for a night, it was a bit cramped with my girlfriend over three nights. The bad - The major problem with our room was the bathroom shower / tub. When I stepped inside the bottom of the tub was unstable, as if the tub wasn't installed correctly. Not only that, I could hear water sloshing around under the tub as I moved around. This water then leaked from under the tub out into the",1
5065, October 2017,Perfect,"I took my three daughters to NYC last weekend and we stayed at The Row. This was a great decision from start to finish! Our flight arrived in NYC early that morning. The hotel was very helpful in accommodating us. There were able to get us a check in a couple hours early, and then offered to store our luggage while we started exploring the city. Their process of tagging and returning our stored luggage was very efficient! The room was not large, but was big enough for what we needed. There were also four of us, so any room would seem somewhat smaller. There was plenty of room for us and our stuff. The bathroom was nice and larger than I expected. The room was very clean, the amor conditioner worked great and we enjoyed the city view. I especially liked the two sets of blinds",5
5066, October 2017,In the heart of New York,"Row NYC Hotel is central and not far from Time Square, musical shows, bus tours, subway, bars and shops. The Hotel receptionists are very helpful and they can provides some discounts to most places you want to see and do. There is a cafe and restaurant inside the hotel if you want this service or go to Juniors which is around the corner for a heart breakfast.",5
5067, October 2017,What no kettle,"Nice clean hotel, room for four with two double beds is a little tight. Especially if you have a case each for a 10 day stay. We were charged an extra £300 dollars in taxes which we were not told about. And why is it in america you dnt get any tea making facilities??",4
5068, October 2017,Avoid this hotel,"Terrible service, long wait times and poor efficiency, the room was very tired, decor appauling, cheap curtain wardrobe, paint messy, woodwork work and tatty, bathroom unclean, paint on radiator and floors, nowhere to put cases, utterly overpriced ‘superior’ room",1
5069, October 2017,Hotel,Not the best stay or experience hotel staff was rude room was dirty air conditioning did not work. My first time in New York and it did not make my visit special like I had hoped. The area is however great and Times Square is close and a fun place to be. So the location was good,2
5070, October 2017,My stay.,Located in the middle of all of the theater action. However.. buyer beware. You will be forced to pay a resort fee of $32 dollars that is a worthless value and is simple a way to pretend the price is very competitive but this fee jacks up the price by 15-20%.,2
5071, October 2017,"Messy, Crowded, Ill-Managed","The hotel seems well-priced, and it's location is good, but it's in poor shape, with dirty carpets, orange walls in the bedrooms (why would anyone put an energizing color in a bedroom?), and terrible management. The woman at the front desk was apologetic and handled every problem really well, but I would never recommend this place unless you are in desperate straits.",1
5072, October 2017,The best location.,"Everything is near the hotel, modern look and very comfortable bed. We only spend time at the hotel late at night to sleep and visit all we can in the city, but it was very comfortable to end the day at their room.",5
5073, October 2017,Times Square Hotel with a good price and location,"The Row NYC Hotel was a good choice for a job interview near Times Square. The room was amazingly clean and had many of the amenities I needed. The iron and ironing board can in handy. The lobby itself was unexciting and had few places to sit. Many large tourist groups were waiting around so it was obvious that other hotel desks should not linger. The hotel provides practically no information on its in-house breakfast options. There was a small food court across the street with decent coffee. There was no coffee maker in my room nor a place apparent to get a coffee without leaving the building. Luckily, the neighborhood has everything you would need in terms of food. There is a very small food court called City Kitchen attached to the hotel. The ramen was OK here, but",4
5074, October 2017,Average,"I recently stayed in this hotel. Having read some of the reviews online I have to say I was quite nervous. When I finally arrived to my hotel I was greeted by a very very long line for checking in. After about 10 minuet es of standing in line there finally appeared to be more than 2 people on the desks for checking in. With the line flowing more, I was greeted by a lady on the check on desk who, now this may be me being slightly picky, wasn’t the friendliest. After a long journey to the hotel anyone would have expected a friendly welcoming hello for my weeks stay. Also, my family and I asked the concierge for some help and advice and they seemed not to care much about what we were asking, and rather patronised us. However, when we got to the room we had an incredible view and",3
5075, October 2017,A RAT IN MY ROOM,"THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED WITH ME AND MY WIFE DURING MY STAY IN THE ROW AND TILL NOW I RECEIVED NO ANSWER: BELOW THE COPY OF MY EMAIL My name is Renato Raad, I am in the Row since tuesday 10/17 and I Will departamento tomorrow Yesterday at night when me and my wife arrive in the hotel we saw a rat in our room, We Call for assistance and we wait for half hour and nobody show up, after I get down in the reception and complain a lot, two guys come and without any compromisse take a rapid look in the apartment and said that the rat had left the room, We incested and I begun to take out the bags and the furniture to fins the rat, and I have This on video But they just leave the apartment saying that the rat had left the room My wife was very scared wanting to move to another hotel so I",1
5076, October 2017,Awful customer service,"My flight to NYC was delayed so I was not present at the time of check in. However, i did call and confirm with representatives to ensure my reservation would be held. When i arrived, they told us that they gave our room away, there isnt any more room in the hotel, and that we would not be refunded. The managers and representatives are not helpful whatsoever.",1
5077, October 2017,ROW,"I booked the Row for the 3rd time to celebrate an wedding aniversary, I asked for an upgrade and they put in a small room with terrible mattress and pillows, One day the hotel forgot to put new towels, And the the end they charged for fee facilities even if you dont use it.",1
5078, February 2017,Felt like a playground,"This was my 4th visit to New York and my least favourite hotel. To start it took us an hour to check in as only 3 staff were on reception, then before I went I had upgraded my room as I was going with my 19 year old son, then we were told that the room we had booked wasn’t available 😤... we down grad3d but still no rebate. I went to use the pc to print tickets off for an ice hockey game but had to wait until the kids were finished using up their free time on them,... annoyed by this point. The lobby most days had children running around, think they might have a deal for school trips? The location is good and down the street is Port Authority so if you go shopping at the outlets it’s not far to go The room was tiny but clean, the corridors stunk, I believe this hotel used to be",3
5079, November 2016,Great Location and Facilities,This hotel exceeded my expectations for the very central NYC location and price tag. I have stayed in NYC many times before over the years and this by far tops the charts for price and location and faculties and staff friendliness. I would definitely stay here again,5
5080, October 2017,will not recommended,"I will not return to this hotel.the only good thing that was good,is the location of this Hotel.not the size of the room,and not the cleanliness of this hotel.the bath tube was broken and with a lot of rust.",3
5081, October 2017,Personal,"Location of Hotel is excellent but rooms are too small and prices are very high. Had to upgrade but rooms are still small although had a view which was nice. Booked thru agency, should,have booked directly. Appreciate attentive staff from front desk to bell reps and housekeeping. First off the housekeeper didn’t change the bed, but someone came after our call and did it.",3
5082, October 2017,"I love Row NYC, Great Location and Value","I love Row! Perfect decor, bright inviting rooms, excellent location in the Theater/Times Square district. I have no complaints. Great price point too! I always stay here while in NYC. The beds are even comfortable. I have stayed in many NYC hotels, and this is my favorite.",5
5083, October 2017,Always pleased....,"I work next to The Row, and when in ""PRODUCTION"" on a new Broadway show , I stay at this hotel. I am always made to feel welcomed ad enjoy comfort, cleanliness, and superb service. Thanks Scott DeVerna Freeport, NY",5
5084, October 2017,Its OK,"We stayed here for three nights in a city view deluxe room. The view was lovely, two sides/windows of the room looked out on to the city and you could see boats docked. The room was comfortable. The room looked nice and modern at first glance but when you looked closer the cracks appeared - literally! In the bathroom - the previous tenants hair was left in the bath the plug area didn't look too clean and the tile work was either poorly finished or maintained and the grouting was cracking, the door frame had been poorly finished too. In the bedroom there was still the odd bit of small rubbish from the previous occupant. Not quite deluxe in my eyes The location is good if you want to be in the hustle and bustle of it all and is close to a subway station and Times Square.",3
5085, October 2017,not a goog hotel,"there was no fridge, the room was much smaller than the photos, the beds as well, the hair dryer was blowing the current. nice only the position on the map near Time square; there were no closets to put the stuff, just two coffins",2
5086, October 2017,NY Oct stay,"Overall good stay, parking was a little difficult but the discount makes it worth it. Bar staff very friendly. Overall stay and location was good for what were had planned, would recommend it, if you are the type not to stay in hotel and experience the city",4
5087, October 2017,Exceeded Expectations,The location is excellent - Times Square. Check in was outstanding. The rooms are small but adequate with lovely city view. This is my second stay at the Row- this will be my go to hotel for future visits.,5
5088, October 2017,Great location - average hotel,"The hotel is situated near Times Square, so good location. Reasonably close to Central Park. It is however, noisy and a bit smelly. Cheaper prices would suit groups or low budget tourists Wouldn’t stay there again",2
5089, October 2017,How can someplace so small cost so much ???,"Haven't stayed in a New York city hotel room before. If I didn't know better, I'd have thought I walked into our coat closet at home !!! How do they have the nerve to charge over $300 for a postage stamp, albeit clean, sized room ? Just had to get that off my chest !!! Location was great...walked to many famous sites in the area. Close to Times Square, theater district Rockefeller Center...",3
5090, October 2017,Wonderful staff and location,"The location of this hotel is absolutely wonderful! You are literally steps from Broadway and Times Square, as well as many wonderful restaurants. The hotel has many amenities, including a ""Glam and Go"" hairstyling place downstairs which I took advantage of! When I checked in, I had a great experience, Junior was fantastic and helped me so much. The bathroom was small, but I was travelling alone so it wasn't a big deal. It might be a bit of an issue if you are travelling as a family. I had upgraded to a room with a view, and my view was just awesome.",5
5091, October 2017,Row nyc,Hotel was clean and staff were friendly and efficient. Room was warm and clean although paintwork was a little grubby. Location was excellent and would stay here again without doubt. Beds were comfy although I did find it rather noisy guess that’s the price for staying so centrally located.,3
5092, October 2017,FORTUNA,"Rooms are much smaller as it is presented on photos. Capacity of closet is very limited, But location is excellent, and service of staff also. Room cleaning is very good, on daily basis. We were very satisfied with staying in hotel.",4
5093, October 2017,Can't go wrong!,"Fantastic suite with great decor, great views and great quick dining options just downstairs. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, and would recommend Row NYC to anyone looking to stay near Times Square and the Theater District.",5
5094, October 2017,Amazing location,"Rooms in NYC are small and pricey. It was the case. But you cannot beat the location for this price. On the same block as our Broadway Show, walking distance from Central Park and Lincoln Center. Easy access to Subway in less than 5 minutes!",4
5095, October 2017,"Central location, but don't expect much!","Great location. The lobby is very attractive and indeed nice unlike everything above it. The bedroom lacked comfort: the mattress, pillows, bed sheet (stained) were not up to what I paid for. I have been to many hotels in Manhattan and often contemplated trying out the Row hotel. Unfortunately, I didn't have a good experience. If you are about location and internet speed, the Row Hotel might be a great choice, but if you want comfort I highly recommend try out other hotels.",2
5096, June 2017,"Great hotel, no complaints",Stayed in Row NYC in summer 2017 and couldn’t fault the place. Room was clean which for me is the main thing when staying in a hotel. It’s New York and you get what you pay for. Rooms in reasonable priced hotels like this are always small with views of brick so if your visiting New York for the first time and are staying in a hotel similarly priced this this don’t expect much in the way of space.,5
5097, October 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"Overall the Row Hotel is clean and well organised and is situated in an area from which it is possible to travel easily to other areas. Ask about ""the facilities"" fee before you book - it is $60 and unexplained. The air-conditioning/heating can be quite noisy. Otherwise the hotel is vibrant, clean and a good choice if you are in NYC mainly to get out and about.",4
5098, October 2017,Stay @ ROW NYC,"Absolute stunning hotel. Staff were amazing and very accommodating. As requests are subject to availability, they were able to accommodate all requests made. The location was perfect as it was 3 mins away from Times Square and also had many places to visit located right outside the hotel.",5
5099, October 2017,Blood on bathroom wall,"There was blood on a bathroom wall when I checked in. Stuff was rude and changed room to lower floor. No apologies, nothing. They didn’t even understand that it’s something unacceptable. I don’t recommend to stay here.",1
5100, October 2017,wouldn't stay here again,The location was great but rooms are poor quality and need updating. The room doesn't even have a small refrigerator. There was a bad urine smell in our room and we finally called and changed to another room that was slightly better.,1
5101, October 2017,Excellent Experience,"Awesome location and Accomodation, i was there, on my honeymoon almost 13 days! was incredible! The reception it's quite full of people always, but the service it's awesome, we got there, and the reservation wasnt there, on the system, somehow, the people there fixed the problem, and we got all checked.",5
5102, October 2017,First visit to New York,"The Row NYC is an incredible location for getting around, it's an 'OK' hotel no real complaints it did and iwas what it says it is, and given the price we paid and its location not bad. Personally I didn't like the way they have designed the corridors much to dark dingy for me buts just me! The room was very clean and had a spectacular view up Eight Ave!",3
5103, October 2017,Excellent Hotel,"I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. The location is excellent, the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The Room was big and designed very nice. Internet connection was weak. Yet, I highly recommend the hotel.",5
5104, October 2017,Location is its strong selling point,"The ROW has one of the best locations in the Times Square / Theatre District area. It’s rooms are older, but clean. Do not be swayed by ANY packages or “free breakfast” or room upgrade add-ones. Just get the basic room, because all the other upset is just hype. Almost the same basic older room. And you’re going to be hit with their “resort fee” of about $30 extra a day. Stay here if on a budget but do not get anything mornthan the basic room. You’ll never be able to see or talk to a manager or customer service rep. The front desk is always woefully understaffed, and their telephones go unanswered. But it is a good value for a basic room as long as you don’t get suckered in by their up-sell and add-ons. Sleep here and enjoy being in the heart of it all. Literally. Secret tip:",3
5105, October 2017,"Overall, good, but an unsatisfactory incident","Great location, clean accomodations, friendly staff. However, upon finding the floor of our room soaked from a leaking AC unit, the front desk was reluctant to move us and refused an upgrade for the inconvenience.",4
5106, October 2017,Amazing experience,Definitely a clean and great experience and amazing location with so much to offer . Amazing service Great view Great hospitality Fast and easy service Building in general gave me a amazing experience from view to where I slept at. Thank you,5
5107, October 2017,Great stay in NYC Times Square!,I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to be close to the action. I was in walking distance of so many sites and restaurants. The staff was friendly and professional and the room was great! Housekeeping kept the room clean and I never needed to call down for anything as I always had what I needed.,5
5108, October 2017,The pits,"When it was the Milford Plaza it was bad. Now, with some new coverings, it is only marginally better. The noise from both Times Square and inside the hotel from the next rooms is overwhelming. I would recommend any other hotel in NYC.",1
5109, October 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"There is a food court inside the hotel. Food quality and variety is good -- but it all Counter service and you have to try to find Seating, witch can be tough. However, There are lots of food options outside the Hotel that are very close.",5
5110, October 2017,"Average review, average hotel","Stayed at the row for a whilst in the city for a few days. Fantastic location central to all the sites. Check in was incredibly slow, very lengthy process staff not that friendly. Had to pay additional amounts once arrived at the hotel, was told these were for unlimited wifi and water usage, these things should come as standard and you should have the choice if you wish to pay for them. Room was basic but not in it for a great deal, it was kept clean and tidy daily. Air conditioning unit in the room was incredibly loud and constantly wet. Other areas of the hotel were very nicely decorated and modern. All in all I would stay again but just for the reason that when in New York you don't spend a lot of time in your room. Nothing special about the hotel though so if you were",3
5111, September 2017,AMAZING STAFF,"I was not a guest at the hotel, but it is because of people like Shantelle at the front desk that capture the customer! A few weeks ago I was in NYC with my children, we were excited to go to the Theater ""Phantom of the Opera"" by the time we had walked around four blocks I had realized that I had dropped my Phone and left it at the Theater!!! This was awful, as we were leaving the next day on a long holiday to Iceland! I ran back to the Theater and the doors were closed, a nice lady from the security line of another theater told me to go around the corner where there was an exit for the staff! To make it short, the only door I could see was the entrance to ROW Hotel, so I went looking for a concierge to assist me and came across Shantelle!! Oh my God, she was just",5
5112, October 2017,Hotel rates,"The Hotel is excellent located, short way to everything. Good breakfast, many varieties if you want to eat at the hotel. Excellent staff, both in reception, room service and concierge, very helpful. I recommend this hotel and will most probably be back.",4
5113, October 2017,Bring Earplugs,"While street noise was to be expected, given the location, the bigger problem was the apparent lack of soundproofing between the room. People talking (at ordinary volumes) in adjacent rooms or even down the hall sounded like they were at the foot of my bed. You could even hear people opening and closing their luggage!",2
5114, October 2017,Great location and stay,"Great hotel close to the theater district, times square, and all manner of transit stops. The attached City Kitchen is a great stop for breakfast and offers a wide variety. The rooms were comfortable and clean.",5
5115, October 2017,-,"Room looked older than that found on booking websites, but overall clean and bedding comfortable. Location is very near to times square with lots of restaurants nearby. The advantage of staying on the lower levels is that the elevator service is less crowded.",3
5116, October 2017,We loved row nyc!,"Before this trip I was very worried after reading a few of the reviews but I can say this hotel was fabulous! We stayed for 8 nights.The location of this hotel was perfect.Check in was quick and the lady at the desk was very polite and helpful (even gave me a sweet to help my cough). The elevator was easy enough to use. We stayed in room 2320 a corner room right next to the water station to! Our room was a good size and very clean, also cleaned every day and new toiletries given when needed. The wifi was also very good from our room. There is a falicity fee plus tax per day but if you do your research this isn't a shock at the end of your holiday. Our flight wasn't until later that day so we stored our bags until we were ready to leave. This was a free charge but we tipped",5
5117, October 2017,Convenient for times square,Not a bad hotel but rooms not up to great standard for the cost.and cleaning was not to a greal standard either...but in a great location for times square and bus links to the city and staff very helpful...,3
5118, September 2017,Great location and nice hotel,"The room was very small but was clean, and we had a great view of the city. We were busy so we were only in our room to sleep so it worked for us. The bed was comfy. The location of the hotel was perfect. We could walk to most everything. The only complaint we had is the lack of being able to communicate with the hotel with a question the day we were arriving, and also not being able to talk to the front desk for help or questions because the lines were long and they are always busy. It would be nice for the customers if there were a few more people to help that situation out. It was frustrating for everyone.",4
5119, October 2017,Okay for quick stay,"The ROW Hotel in NY is a busy Hotel in NY. Very good location close to Time Square and NY sights. Booked the premium rooms on the higher floors to minimise NY city noise. Good Hotel for overnight stay to enjoy the city or catch a show on Broadway if you are planning not to be in the room much. Rooms were small and Bathrooms smaller but typical of the lower priced hotels in NYC. Room was modern with bright colours and fittings. Could have done with some coffee in the rooms, especially the “premium”ones. Food choices for quick bite at The Kitchen were good and the Hotel Bar snacks and meals were generous and well prepared. Will stay there again if for a night on the town but will opt for more business orientated hotel when needed. Fit for purpose.",3
5120, October 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"Our ninth floor room was clean but basic, it was classed as 'De Luxe', only because it was on the corner of the building and gave views of Eigth Avenue & forty third street. There were no drink making facilities in the room, drinks were available at the bar located on the same floor of the reception, anything else you needed to go out to the numerous bars & restaurants locally. The elevator system was fast & efficient. The staff were courteous and friendly. If you want a 'no frills' place to stay in walking distance to Times Square this hotel would be suitable.",3
5121, October 2017,Location for the Price is Nice,"The location is great. The price is decent. The hotel is ok. Rooms are very small and appointments are ok but missing the little things. (Like a soap dish in the shower) This hotel isn't great, it isn't bad, it's just average. The best part of this hotel is the elevator system. Best and most efficient elevator I've ever seen. I wish others would use this.",3
5122, October 2017,Weekend plan in NYC,"I planed a birthday celebration for my daughter. The best deal, even beating Airbnb was right here at Row NYC. Including all the great amenities and perfectly convenient location. An unfortunate family event forced me to change my planes. The great team at the hotel was very helpful. The Area Managing Director Maurizio Bonivento himself reached out and offered his support. Best costumer service!! Thanks guys! I will see you next time I’m in NY!",5
5123, October 2017,cockroaches and other unknown dubious insects galore,"I stayed two nights here and if I had a choice, those would be the last two I ever spend in this hotel. The room is very basic, space is an issue, I was staying alone and I struggled to find space for my bags. The room just does not feel clean, with worn carpeting, towels with odd stains, and a dingy curtain that doubled as a closet door. All of this would be bearable if not for the numerous creepy crawlies in the room. On the first night, I spotted an insect (no idea what it was, not a mosquito though) on my nightstand and smacked it. It left a bloodstain behind. My second night, a 2.5in (approx) long cockroach scuttled by my bathroom door as I was washing up. It proceeded to tour my, admittedly minuscule closet, and then squeeze itself into the wall paneling near the door.",1
5124, September 2017,A large hostel,"THE BAD 1. Over 20 minute queue just to check in. This is simply unacceptable, especially for a 4 star hotel. I have never had to queue just to check in before, not even when I stayed in hostels when travelling in Europe. 2. The room was not clean. The extractor fan / air conditioning unit was caked in dust and was quite frankly disgusting. There was dust clearly visible in the corners of the room, as well as dust and debris on some of the furniture. For a room not to be clean is unacceptable. 3. Some of the furniture in the room was broken, the bedside cupboard on the left hand side of the bed was significantly damaged and unsightly with a large amount of the veneer chipped / torn off. The bath had what looked like cigarette burns inside of it (black marks with parts of the",1
5125, October 2017,Review,"There were several issues with no towels, who water bottle, dirt in the sin and tub. Also heat didn't work correctly so requested additional blanket. Tthere were two small children outside my room in the hallway from 11 pm to 1 am talking loudly and making lots of noise. Issues were addressed.",4
5126, October 2017,Super accommodation for the budget minded,"The room was an adorable little cracker box, but since I wasn't planning on doing much in the room beside sleeping there, it was a terrific alternative to keep the cost of visiting NYC and the theatre district reasonable. Good access to subway, to the theatres, Times Square.",5
5127, October 2017,Don't expect what you see in pictures,The photos on the website totally misrepresent this hote. We chose a deluxe curry view double double room as there were 3 of us travelling. The room Was barely big enough for 2 adults let alone 3. This was the smallest and worst hotel I've stayed in during many New York visits. The lobby was very trendy but once you get above this level the place was tired and shabby with chipped furniture and paintwork.,2
5128, October 2017,Stay at the row,This is a great location for visiting the big apple. The staff at the row was pleasant and always helpful. I will be staying there again very soon Also being able to store your luggage if you arrive before check in time is a great service to offer,5
5129, October 2017,Row downhill,I stayed at the Row 5years ago and it was fantastic. It seems to have gone down hill in this time. Room had to be recleaned on the first day. Small storage space. Laziness of the cleaners. Only positive I found is the location.,3
5130, October 2017,Not recommended at all!,"Noisy, rooms are tiny, staff wasn't helpful at all. Lack of basic equipment such as refrigirator. Non willingless of assisting in early check in or late check out, nor any other request. The only positive nice and kind person in this hotel was Ceasar.",1
5131, October 2017,"Great location, good value, mediocre staff.","My husband and I were in town for 2 nights to see some shows and the location of Row couldn't have been better! We walked to every theatre, restaurant, and shop we visited, as well as Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and Central Park. The room was small, as we expected for this location, but was quite clean and very comfortable. We had a terrific view (we had a Premium View room) and felt like we were really in the middle of everything! I have seen some reviews that complain about the noise - we could not hear anything coming from other rooms, and though we could hear traffic noise that should be expected in this location and wasn't overly obtrusive to us. We enjoyed a drink at the bar and appreciated the security monitoring the elevators. Our one disappointment with the visit",3
5132, October 2017,Row NYC stay,"Pleasant room with adequate amenities. Room is rather small but was fine for one person. Iron and hairdryer worked. Traveled with a friend who had a different room. Friend mentioned the room was fine, too. I liked the efficient elevator system; never had to wait long -- and we were on the 27th floor. I appreciated the free local and national calling from room. Perhaps the lobby could have a bit more elegance.",4
5133, October 2017,Not going to give a rating becuase they dont deserve one,Dont stay here. Awful experience. Poor customer service given by management. Rude doorman. Noisy air con. Unable to sleep. Moved 3 times in one night. Noisy weed smoking neighbours. Will never return to this hotel,1
5134, October 2017,I love New York,"Everything was perfect. The location of the hotel, the employees. Breakfast was ok. WiFi worked perfectly well. Just a few blocks of Times Square and the most important attractions of the city for tourists.",5
5135, October 2017,"Thanks, but no thanks","The room is tiny; the bathroom is even smaller (long-legged guests will struggle to sit on the toilet without bashing their knees into the door; all the furniture is oddly low to the ground; the carpet is worn, the hallways are dark. This assumes you can even get to the front desk to actually check in if you don't tear your hair out waiting for 25+ minutes in line. You'll wake up to your bill that includes a $30 convenience fee to use the gym, the wifi and two cheap waterbottles. The added bonus that the city is going to start housing homeless people in transition in the hotel!",2
5136, October 2017,Weekend in NY,"Everything was fine, just not great. The room was clean, the staff was kind and helpful, but the overall expierence was just plain, nothing special. We had to asked for face cloths to be delivered to the room. They were not standard. We also heard the room next to us as clear as if they were in our room.",3
5137, October 2017,Great place and location to Time Square,"It was a great hotel with a great location to Time Square. Staff was helpful and accommodating. The room was small, but the use of space was well used. The beds were very comfortable. Would recommend and stay here again.",4
5138, October 2017,Bad experience in Row NYC,"Not for family not for cleaning lovers!. I had to pull out hair ball size a baseball from flouted bath ( it did not clean for years) .they will charge you for extra for everything, for example a small gift for my daughter in Amazon in 20$ (Free shipping) they Surprisingly charge me for 16$!!!!( l ask 3 time before the shipping no one said anything about extra charge)",1
5139, October 2017,"Awesome Hotel, fantastic location...","Great service at check in, fantastic clean room with a view of Times Square, best king bed ever to sleep in, please post to our address in AUS... we will be definitely back when next visiting NYC. Walking distance to great restaurants, one block from Times Square and a 10 min walk to the water front Hudson River. Thank you for making our stay enjoyable..",5
5140, September 2017,Row NYC,"We stayed at the Row for 4 Nights, booked a wheelchair friendly room and it was much bigger ! Rooms were clean, hotel was very busy, but staff were friendly was a basic set up, but centrally located so easy to get around",3
5141, October 2017,Great Location,"The communication from the hotel in regards to needing assistance in extending our stay were ignored until the afternoon after check out time which was disappointing. The lack of communication in regards to our request required us to make last minute plans in NYC which was a frantic situation. Great location and clean accommodations, they were busy so we most likely were overlooked",3
5142, October 2017,OK due to availability,"Solid, could've been a slightly better experience if service was more timely. Overall, I would look for other options but this is acceptable if you wanted to try it out. The location was solid, the price was par to others.",3
5143, September 2017,Times Square Gem,I had read mixed reviews on the hotel and was prepared for anything. I ended up being absolutley delighted by this hotel. I loved the design and ambiance- such a great vibe at this hotel. The room was clean and cute- very relaxing to end my days there. The variety of restaurants in the lobby were delicious and perfect price point. My co-workers stayed in a different hotel and they regretted it. They ended up coming to my hotel everyday to meet in the restaurant. If you need to stay midtown and want a fresh design with modern conveniences- this is your place,5
5144, September 2017,Only location is good,"Usually overcrowded, rooms are small, noisy lobby - all are to be expected because of the excellent location of this hotel. Grand Central, the UN Headquarters, 5th Avenue, Broadway and Times Square are reachable by foot.",3
5145, October 2017,Disappointing is an understatement,Returned home yesterday after a four night stay at this hotel. I upgraded to a city view which we didn't get. Was put in a standard room and when I say standard I'm being generous. The noise from the next room was unbearable so I returned to reception and was reluctantly given another room. The second room was slightly bigger but not much and was certainly not the city view room I paid for. Again the noise levels across from us was high but more importantly the smell of weed was the final straw. Back down to reception I went. Asked to speek to the manager. She was totally disinterested. Would not return my payment for the room as we didn't want to stay at this hotel any longer. We were then moved to another room where the air con sounded like a noisy washing machine and here we,1
5146, September 2017,"Great location, nicer than what I thought","It was a nice hotel. Greayt location, clean, great customer service. The staff is young and very energetic, and it's more friendly than other hotels I've been to. Not as uptight ;). We had a pleasant stay that helped us enjoy out time in New York even more! Will go there again!.",5
5147, October 2017,Uncomfortable stay,"Hotel is very cold, in terms of atmosphere and ambiance. Room was fine, but overall, the hotel is uncomfortable. No real place to sit in the lobby. Staff was minimally friendly. Breakfast did not look appealing. Would probably not stay here again until some of these things are corrected.",3
5148, October 2017,"Location, location, location","Row NYC is the perfect midtown location - Broadway, Times Square, Penn Station and Rockefeller Center are all close by! I definitely recommend choosing a breakfast option when you book. My daughter enjoyed the chocolate croissants and coffee!",4
5149, October 2017,Pretty bad,I had not a good stay in this hotel . At least I was expecting to get a complementary breakfast for the price . Overal I was not satisfied . The pictures were nice but nothing like what day showed . I would not go there,2
5150, October 2017,Great location and value - cozy and clean,Highly recommend if you want a room to sleep and are not looking to live in the room. More than met our needs clean cozy and comfortable. Close to everything and I loved the hallway murals. No complaints I'd highly recommend as good value,5
5151, October 2017,Grubby bathroom,Bathroom was grubby and other people's hairs on the walls. Shower curtain had lipstick on it. Dead fly on window sill. Bedroom was clean and had a nice view Internet was good Very noisy neighbours getting in at 3am,3
5152, October 2017,great place,"This is the first time have traveled as a disabled person. The staff especielly a housekeerer named Silvia wenr above and beyond to make my stay a most pleasant one. The only issua i could find,and it was very minorwas the very noticablewaterstain in the bathroom ceiling.",5
5153, October 2017,Wouldnt stay again,Accom is in a good location but the hotel is dark + dingy over rated + over priced - staff were unfriendly on reception although the luggage staff were lovely - rooms v small + not clean - overall poor,2
5154, October 2017,Good location but strange added fees on top of room charges,"First of all, I have never heard any hotel charge an additional fee upon check-in, on top of room charges. Just because you're located in Manhattan, doesn't mean that you can charge whatever the heck you like in the name of a facilities fee or whatever you called it. What does that facilities fee even include? - two refill water bottles? It's Manhattan! There's food trucks selling water bottles on every corner! And guess what, I can refill those plastic bottles as well - so what special are you offering in terms of saving the environment?! The fee also included gym membership which I guess is ok, except for the fact that nobody comes to Manhattan to exercise! So useless. Oh, the facilities fee also included unlimited international calling - wow! This one blew my mind. Anybody",3
5155, October 2017,Average service,"Average hotel, the is no room service. The room was not clean when we arrived and the Air conditioner wasn{t working. Rooms are a little small but i thinks it is the average in the city. If you are planning to eat outdoors this hotel is a good option.",3
5156, October 2017,Congratullations to security department,"I have been in other 3 hotels in Manhattan, all 4 stars, and this is the first hotel that I noticed that really cares about security. All services, facilities, location and employees are very nice. The location is great. It is also very clean. I have nothing to complain. The price is fair. I loved.",5
5157, October 2017,Great spot,"Really lovely hotel. The staff is superb, very gracious and polite. The beds are extremely comfortable and the shower is spacious. The layout of the lobby is very smart. Clean and open. The doormen are marvelous, please remember to tip them!",5
5158, October 2017,Stat at Row NYC,"The location was perfect. It is so convenient to plays, subway,and Times Square.This was at least my fifth or sixth time staying there. I will definitely stay there the next time I am in New York. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful.",5
5159, October 2017,Getting WORSE!,"I really thought they couldn't get much worse (we've now seen a cockroach on the stairs that stayed there for hours), but it did.... This time, the elevators were working so poorly that we had to go down a few floors to get to the other bank of elevators and take those down, learned where the service elevator was to get out of the hotel fast enough to make our bus the last day. Also, the computers weren't working to check in with our phone. It wouldn't scan on the iPhone no matter how bright I made my screen or what size I made the scanning square. When I sent it to my boyfriend, we got it to work on his Android phone, but then we couldn't get keys without waiting in the long line. The guy at the desk offered to have our bags sent up, but when we called over an hour later, they",2
5160, October 2017,x,"The sheet had a spot, later on it took three nights to change a sheet with a black line on it. It took 2 days to get a blanket. The guy who did the check in was rude. The room was small, the bathroom no more than 1.5 squared metres, there were no drawers, I should use the drawers of the bedside table to store my blouses. The window was dirty and my blouse got dirty.",2
5161, October 2017,"Good place to stay, but the extra $30+taxes Facility Fee is ridiculous.","The Facility Fee, to cover WiFi, TV, use of the exercise rooms, etc. is ridiculous, especially since WiFi is advertised as free. And to pay a fee for the TV? Come on!! We never used the other stuff listed on this 'service.'",4
5162, October 2017,3RD TIME IS THE CHARM!,Such a great hotel and a fantastic value. The Times Square location is great and convenient to the theatre. The room was very spacious.....the largest one we had yet! I enjoyed remote control of the black out drapes.,5
5163, October 2017,Good Base for discover nyc,"Good, busy place in the time square area. Reception ist friendly and helpful. Room was quiet, small but o.k. Bathroom ist separates by s Slide door only. Amazing Outlook to n.y.c. International quality fastfood ist available in a connected Restaurant.",4
5164, October 2017,Very Touristy,"Decided to stay here last minute because it was cheap, and the location for why I was in NYC, was good. I did not get online check in (even though I am a US citizen), so I had to stand in line for 30+ minutes to check in, everyone in front of me was not a US Citizen, so they had to spend a lot more time checking in due to regulations from the US government. The line was even longer by the time I checked in. The room was fine, small, not great furnishings but fine, as it is NYC (though the black out curtain was amazing). It wasn't that noisy which I will also give them credit for. I was a bit angry that they did not keep the outside trip vendors, right outside the hotel, at bay, as it was really annoying walking through them every time I entered/exited the hotel. My last",2
5165, October 2017,Tiny room,The location of this hotel is great. Central to everything. But that is all. The rooms are tiny. Bathrooms are tiny with only the bare necessities. Only a place to sleep. Do not expect anything else. If possible stay else where. Not 4 stars hotel. 2 stars maxed.,2
5166, October 2017,Row NYC Birthday Stay,"Great location in Times Square, rooms are very small and it’s hard to get housekeeping to bring towels because they have weird hours. We were told housekeeping does not start until 11:30pm so if you need anything before that it will be a wait. However, room was clean, decent, city was decent and staff was friendly. Everything was in walking distance even the subway. Great price & conviently locates. I would stay again.",4
5167, October 2017,Terrible!,"noisy hotel, without frigobar and rude staff. I tried four times to take some packages that I bought on internet and they never knew where was it. almost 48 hours after they deliver me charging a tax for holding packages. the only explanation that the guy on the desk told me was: “sorry, who deliver packages here is probably a little slow”. furthermore the reception is a mess, with big lines and unprepared people attending the clients - the Brazilian man who works at the desk asked to call the security because there were some guests waiting outside the check-in line. Deplorable!! To finish, when I went to store my luggage, the keeper asked me for an early tip. as i Did not gave to him, they became suddenly rude and slow. unbelievable! Oh, attention, even with this treatment",1
5168, October 2017,Fantastic hotel for the price,"Very comfortable beds. The check in process was smooth and the staff went above and beyond to make my experience a great one. The location is premium, the bar and lounge area is active and exciting. I would recommend this hotel for any midtown New York vacation.",5
5169, October 2017,You get what you pay for,"Just a reasonable hotel. Too much people in the lobby and walking around. Luggage deposit works fine, what allows you to use some extra time in NY. ATTENTION : They charge a USD30 per day as a ""business center usage fee"", meaning you have to pay for the wifi access.",3
5170, October 2017,Repeat customer,I have been going to this hotel since it was the Milford Plaza and it has always been a pleasant experience had a slight problem last time but was quickly fixed by Nicole Crerand Operations Manager in a very timely fashion I will repeat perfect location.,4
5171, October 2017,You get what you pay for,"The cost was comparable to other hotels in the area but the rooms could have been better. I don't care so much about the space but what bothered me was the old molding around the doors were old and dingy. Nonetheless, I was happy to enjoy a quiet room with very little outside noise bothering me considering that my room was next to an elevator.",3
5172, October 2017,Only the location is recommandable!,"Only the location of this hotel is great. The room was not very clean (hair in the bath room and dirty carpet), the bed is way too small too. Long waiting time at the reception and a lot of hidden costs like fees and taxes. I excpect more from a 4star hotel.",2
5173, October 2017,Nice hotel and good location,Good location in Manhattan. Hotel right on 8th street. My room was quiet. Service was good. Enjoyed my stay there. No complaints about anything - price is higher than I would like but overall value was good.,4
5174, October 2017,Great Location,I have stayed here a number of times over the last few years and not much has changed from a service perspective... pretty much poor. However the location is incredible and the City Kitchen has made a huge difference to this hotel..... convenient to have such high quality food attached to the hotel. Will I stay here again... yes.,3
5175, October 2017,Very nice and modern hotel in the heart of Manhattan,"The hotel is very nice: clean, new, very central. The position is awesome to move around, but due to that The hotel rooms are also very loud at every hour, - most of all due to traffic, sometimes it is difficult to rest at night.",4
5176, October 2017,Very noicy. Many failures.,"VERY noicy. Small, impractical rooms. Failing toilets, doors, keys, safes. Anything below level 20 of this hotel is too noisy to sleep. The air conditioning machines are positioned to amplify the voice up all the windows. It's beyond our imagination why they would offer such rooms, at full rate",1
5177, October 2017,Great stay!,We had a wonderful experience at Row NYC and will definitely be returning next time we visit New York. The rooms are small but clean and well decorated. The views are quintessential NYC and the location couldn't be more ideal if you are in town to see a broadway show.,5
5178, October 2017,Not up to NYC standards,"Checkin endless line. Surprise mandatory fee for a business center in the main hall. Not even a quiet area to make a phonecall. Room just in fron of AC vent turbunes made impossible to rest. No window insulation, seriously?",2
5179, August 2017,Location is amazing,"I stayed there in August 2017, the location of The Row is superb with it being a block away from the hub of times square and a mere 5 minute walk from 5th avenue while also being close to the Empire State and Rockafeller. Upon arrival, we had the option to upgrade to a view room which, although the view isn't AMAZING, is worth it as your staying in NYC after all. The room was what you would expect in a city hotel, fairly small with all the necessary features. Beds were very comfortable after long tiring days. After 8pm, a member of staff always stands by the lifts and asks to see your room card which i think is a great security addition. The staff overall were very nice and helpful and we had no problems in that department with check-in and check-out running very smooth. One",4
5180, October 2017,Perfect Location,"Having read other reviews we were a little worried about our stay but went with an open mind. We didn't experience any of the issues that some other guests have reported. Check in/out was quick and easy with friendly staff. The lifts were easy to use and we didn't have to wait any time for the lift to come even though the hotel was very busy. We had a double double room with a view out over 8th Avenue. The room was clean and a good size and was cleaned, beds changed etc every day. We ate breakfast in the City Kitchen which is accessed directly from the hotel. The location is perfect and literally 2 minutes' walk from Times Square and 15 minutes from 5th Avenue / Top of the Rock / Macys etc. We used a hop on/off bus for things a bit further away. Every member of staff we had",4
5181, October 2017,Brilliant lication,"Hotel was in a great location near the theatres and Times Square. Plenty of places to eat nearby. Easy access to cabs, subway etc if required. Not a cheap place to stay but would visit again if I’m ever back in the big apple.",4
5182, October 2017,"Location, Location, Location and price","The Row - One block off Times Square on 44th and 8th Avenue in the Theater District with underground across the street & Rockefeller Center mere blocks away puts all of Manhatten within grasp. Your booking includes Continental breakfast ( 1 drink, 1 fruit, 1 bakery item only) cuts costs plus a shuttle back to the airport from the hotel is the way to go. Cheaper than Uber but still an hour 20 to JFK. Many nationalities and young people coming and going. Rooms small but clean. No coffee or amenities in rooms. Staff friendly and efficient. Shubert Theater around the corner. Junior's restaurant across ""Alley"" from there for before or after shows with outside dining if wanted. Underground is cheap traveling ( $11.50 fare took two of us to 81st street to visit Metropolitan Museum of",4
5183, October 2017,Happy customer!,Row NYC was the best hotel that I have experienced. They went out of my way to make me feel welcome. I would like to especially thank Junior for his wonderful kindness and help that he provided me. I greatly look for forward to another stay at Row NYC!,5
5184, October 2017,It was ok,Room was bigger than expected. Lobby way too crowded and noisy. Not enough staff for check in made us wait several munutes. Extra Charges as a surprise. The área is good if you like noisy and crowded location.,4
5185, November 2016,"outstanding location, hotel is so-so","Huge hotel, where everything works just fine. A bit ""industrial"", in that there's not much in the way of personal touches. The rooms are predictably small (this being New York), but ours was definitely ok. Cleaning could have been better. The bed frame had a good layer of dust on it.",3
5186, October 2017,Paying for location,The staff we spoke to were really helpful the lounge and reception look beautiful.... the rooms could do with a deep clean... basic room definitely paying for location not quality. If your not in the rooms much and using as a base like we were the beds were comfortable and the sheets and towels changed daily.,3
5187, October 2017,Sanal family New york 2017,"Very small room for 3 people, Very poor breakfast, but competitive price, clean rooms, fast internet, very relevant staff. Very central location. Overall we were pleased to stay at this hotel. We'd like to stay again on our next New York trip. Thank you Row NYC.",4
5188, September 2017,Getaway,I absolutely love the location. It is perfectly located for a Broadway trip. Your City Kitchen is so convenient and has a great array of choices. I've stayed here many times and plan to visit again and again.,5
5189, October 2017,Row,This hotel was not super cheap and would have expected more for money. When checking in a guy in front of me was trying to get his money back and leave as air on in room did not work so I thought I hope my luck is better. I then checked in and was met with a terrible wet carpet smell as room was very musty. This place was only average however had a great location,3
5190, October 2017,Awesome Hotel,This hotel is the best I've experienced in the Theatre District! The ambiance is remarkable and the hotel staff are friendly. City Kitchen is convenient and highly recommended. I ate at Whitman's for four days! Restaurant Row is one block away!!! I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be booking here again soon.,5
5191, October 2017,Quick one night stay,We needed a one night stay in new York. Location is brilliant as it's one block from times square. Was easy to check in and check out. Was a comfy room just to sleep in whilst exploring new York city.,4
5192, October 2017,"Welle located, convenient for everything","top views from the high floors, very reactive staff, understanding. Efficient lifts. Computers avalable at the lobby level. Close to anywhere on foot. highly appreciated. Will definitely come back. Did not appreciate the extra fare for the gym facilities and the overseas calls, as it is an expensive overcharge, especially if not needed. Would have much more appreciated an alternative such as breakfast included.",5
5193, October 2017,Terrible Customer Service,"The experience between dealing with the hotel, the bookings.com experience and priceline.com was terrible. The disconnect between the bookings.com experience the and the hotel willing to work with us and someone being able to help was awful.",1
5194, October 2017,Disappointment squared,A suitable location for broadway but a tired poorly managed property with below standard cleanliness and indifferent staff Research other hotels in the area to avoid disappointment And contracting an infectious flu or cold,1
5195, October 2017,Horrible experience!,"Don’t stay there! When we first arrived we were hit with long lines to be checked in. It was almost 3pm and we err told the room would be ready at 4pm and we would get an email confirming it was ready and would not need to get into the line again. We never got the email, had to get a 15 mins line to wait for our bags (when asked, they told us they do not take up to the Rooms). Then another 30 minutes on the line to get the keys to the room (after 40mins wait for check in earlier). I complained that it was absurd that we had to get into the line again and was shouted at by an older member of staff, I believe he was the manager. Rude and obnoxious. The lady that served us at reception was friendly and tried to improve things but I’d never go back here. They also charge you $30 a",1
5196, July 2017,Great hotel for catching the Broadway shows,There's a nice food court/cafeteria inside the hotel with better food than any of the restaurants near by. Our room had a great view and the price was reasonable. Highly recommended for a quick weekend trip to catch the shows in Broadway.,5
5197, October 2017,"Not awful, but there are better options!","I've stayed at this hotel three times over the past 2 years, and have also stayed in at least a half-dozen other Manhattan hotels over the same period. Location is good if you want to be close to the theatre district, but no better/closer than the dozens of other hotels in the same area. Rooms are sparsely equipped (no face cloths in the bathroom, cheap bedding, tiny pillows, etc.). Quite often large tour groups seem to come through, so wait times for check-in/out and elevator service can be excruciating (I've waited over an hour to check-in before, and have learned to NEVER leave my luggage in the lobby storage area - that wait can be even longer; then there was the time my room key card had to be re-programmed and I had to wait in the check-in/out line for another hour). This",1
5198, October 2017,Definitely would stay again.,"Its close to everything! (Subway, Bus Station, Times Square, Broadway, etc.) 4/5 rating just for the small stuff, like T.V. is not centered to the bed, so if you are on the far side, you wouldnt be able to see watch TV. Also, faucet in the bathroom wouldnt open because the mirror shelf is blocking the faucet. The room has a ""first apartment in a big city"" vibe though. Definitely would stay again next time im in NYC.",4
5199, August 2017,Row Row Row your boat to another Hotel!,"My husband and I returned to The Row for the third time this year (because we had good experiences in the past and like staying somewhere familiar) this time also bringing along my in-laws. Firstly we purchased two Superior City View rooms which in the past put us high enough up to get a view, using the left hand side elevators from levels 17+, had a Queen/King bed and enough space to walk around the room and put your suitcases comfortably. My in-laws got this room on the 25th floor, however my husband and I ended up on the 10th floor with a double bed and not even enough room to put our luggage. When we mentioned this to the Receptionist she was so rude and dismissive so we had to speak with the Manger. We were put onto the 17th floor somewhat getting what we had paid for. We",2
5200, October 2017,About The hotel,"My staying at The hotel was great. I dind t have any problem. I went to many places without dificults! The hotel have a Lot of facilities, The place is good. There are a Lot of restaurants around The hotel.",5
5201, October 2017,Terrible,"Terrible service, untrained staff, extremely long queues for the most simple things, wrong information given, rude receptionists. We arrived one hour before their official check-in time and we were promised an email would be sent with a code to collect the keys to our room through an automatic kiosk. Well, this email never arrived and by the size of the queue at the reception I wasn’t the only one who didn’t receive it. We had to wait for a further 1 hour to collect the keys. Once complained don’t expect to get a polite answer, the receptionists are very rude!! It’s appalling! Do not stay here.",1
5202, October 2017,Not very satisfying,"This hotel doesn’t have any room service, super small bathroom and bed, doesn’t offer any additional goods such as bathrobes and bottle opener. The lobby looks very fancy but rooms and services are poor. There’s numbers of hotels in 10th ave that are much better than this hotel. Will never go back again.",1
5203, September 2017,Room Condition,"1. When I came up, I was finding my room for about 10 mins, and your room nos mentioned on the lift wall was indicating left side in lane, the room was between two lifts. 2. When I entered the room it was a box size room, as if its 4 start there should be standard size of room. 3. When I use the pot, believe me a six feet man cannot sit on this pot its horrible when you are in hurry to pass on. 4. When I was on bed the whole night I couldn’t sleep because the whole night the lifts pass on my left and right because of that noise was annoying me too much.",1
5204, October 2017,9th time staying here,It’s a fine hotel. Not the best but not the worst. I always know what I’m getting. It’s the perfect location and has a cool view. BUT you guys need to get new beds. I would love if the walls were thicker but now much you can do about that. Be prepared to hear everything that is happening next to you.,4
5205, October 2017,Times square,The location was great. Times square was 2-3 minutes away. Subway was like right outside the hotel. I liked being at the center of everything. Saved a lot of time for us as we wanted to cover many sites in just 2 days. Long line at the elevator!,4
5206, October 2017,Perfect Location,3 nights in ROW and the worst part was check in took forever we checked in at 230pm and was told room would not be ready till 4 pm no problem we left our bags and headed off returned at 420pm and we were previously told to go to the end counter as we only needed to collect the keys however it appears it was NOT that simple the que for key collection was huge at least 35 people we stood for 30mins didnt move along the lady in front explained she has already been there 1 hour!! We left the que and went to the bar and kept an eye on the que it still took 2 hours for the que to go!! More reception staff or at the least staff that know how to hand out keys!! When I did collect the keys it took 10seconds for her to check reference number and hand the keys. We had room 2817 avoid it,4
5207, October 2017,Weekend Getaway,"The hotel was centrally located near Times Square. We felt very secured due to the security making sure you had a room key before yo were allowed to enter the elevators, the food in City Kitchen was very good and the staff was very friendly and help. I would definitely stay here again.",4
5208, October 2017,Not staying there ever again!,"Since our arrival the smell of cigarrette was everywhere... No one told us that in the end we would have to pay $100 USD for ""facilities"" so we managed to prove that everything was paid at Hotels.com We also couldn't sleep well the last night of our stay because of the sound of the elevator... beware if you get a room next to it!!",1
5209, October 2017,Not worth the money,"I spent here 5 nights on a biz trip. I chose it basically for its location, 15mins walking to the exhibition venue I had to go. If you want to stay in an overcrowded and touristy area 7mins from Times Square, go for it. This must be the busiest hotel I ever stayed. The reception/hall looks like a train station at peak-hour. Check-in process was quite slow, only 2 people for dozens of new guests waiting in a line just like an airport check-in. I suggest to do the online check-in through a code you can retrieve and use at some machines located at the lobby. The room was rather small but clean. No view at all. Very noisy a/c system, even when set on off. They charge you an absurd mandatory “resort fee” of approx 30$/night in order to have free International/national calls, free",3
5210, September 2017,Short visit to NYC,Visited NYC for a short (and first) visit. The Row is in such a great location that it makes it easy to walk to many destinations. The concierge recommended a hop on hop off tour which allowed us to see more in a short amount of time. Rooms are not large but very adequate. Had a great trip!,4
5211, October 2017,Love the location,I love this hotel. My husband and I have stayed there a few times now. Perfect location for theatre goers. Love that we can drive to the city and park our car for a minimal fee. I would like to see an easier way to check in. Long lines and not enuf staff to handle the check in. Waited between 30 and 45 minutes to check in. Still love the location. A queen size bed room is perfect for us. Very accommodating with a fridge that we needed for medicine for my husband.,4
5212, October 2017,Average hotel...,"The hotel is a fairly average place, ok for me and my brother. There was a small queue at check-in but staff were polite and helpful. The room was ok for a 3 star hotel, very clean but felt like it needed a bit of attention. The air con was fairly noisy in the room and the shower took 5 minutes to warm up for hot water.",3
5213, October 2017,Location and nothing else. Avoid at all costs,Perfect location apart from that it is awful. Room 732 was next to the elvator shaft and when that and the air con came on it was like being stuck between 2 subway trains. Receptionist advised upon arrival it would be noisy and if we wanted to move we would have to check out and then see what other rooms were available.Seems like an acceptance straight away the room provided was poor but why should ibwaste time having to check out when i only have 2 fays to tour New York. Cost 1000 dollars for 3 nights in a small dingy room with paint peeling off the walls. The wifi is excellent but you have to pay extra for it wether you want it or not. The location of the hotel is the only good thing i can say about it. You may as well stay in a slum somewhere else in a poorer part of New York,1
5214, October 2017,ROW --- Low quality.mind.,Need to be replaced customer service part Room is really noisy from outside Cannot sleep until after 3 am Good thing is just close to time square Door man is really suck Outside look nice but inside is really bad smell,3
5215, October 2017,Spend the extra $$ elsewhere,"Took the kids into the city for the long weekend. Had high hopes for this hotel. Pros: Fantastic location Quick check in Fast elevators Cons: Dated and worn room Mold in bathroom (see pics) Shower handle broke off first use Slow maintenance response, had to call twice Hindsight being what it is, I would have spent the extra $50/75 a night and stayed elsewhere.",2
5216, November 2016,Great Location and a decent price!,"It's hard to ask for much more than a great location at a decent price and this fits the bill beautifully. Oh, and it's clean. In keeping with NYC, the rooms are tiny, but sufficient. Don't forget the gelato across the street at Amorino's.",3
5217, October 2017,Good location bed service,Very bed service Bed smell os sewage and cleanliness Good location near the times squre The stuff is very rude and are not willing to help the solving problems for the guest The bellboys are asking for tips but dont give any service,1
5218, June 2017,Great location for first time visitor.,"My 3 girlfriends and I stayed here in June 2017 for 5 nights. 2 out of 4 of us were first time visitors. (It was my 4th time visiting) The location is only a few blocks from Time square and half a block from the subway, making it very easy to get to a lot of the main NYC tourist attractions. The lobby of the hotel is very modern and clean, but seems to always be busy. Security is good as there is usually someone checking room keys at the elevators. The city kitchen food court connect to the hotel has a variety of different food options and is kept clean. A few of the reviews I read before leaving for NYC said the rooms were small. We have 2 queen beds for the 4 of us and felts like we have a decent amount of room to move around. Some NYC hotel rooms can be very small and cramped",5
5219, October 2017,Vacation review,"it was a nice hotel, with great location and great value. The one thing I expect more of is a more efficient service at the reception. The lines were long with people waiting to check in and often times i needed to come back at inconvenient times to ask general questions and get help.",5
5220, October 2017,Would Rate It Zero If I Could,"Terrible dismissive service. Front Desk and Concierge never answer the phone. In person, rude and unhelpful. Charged mandatory facility fee for computers and printers that did not work. Micro sized room. Only reason to stay here is location relative to theaters. However, lots of hotels in this area. Go elsewhere.",1
5221, October 2017,Overall Godd Experience,"Very good location. A few Squares from Time Square. Small rooms, no problems at all. Clean and calm. A fair price for the excellent location. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. if you spend little time in the room it is definitely a good option as a hotel.",3
5222, October 2017,Second Visit,"We stayed three nights at the Row in early October. We had a wonderful stay and saved a lot of money. This is a no frills hotel. The rooms are small and a bit worn but they are clean and quiet. We spent our time attending shows, sight seeing and eating out. Really enjoyed the convenience of District M and City Kitchen. Really good food and drinks. By far the best lodging value in Times Square!",4
5223, October 2017,Dump,Very disappointing - extremely small rooms and bathrooms. Loud AC units were either freezing or off. The hallways are dirty and dark. The staff was not helpful and ignored requests . we will never stay here again.,1
5224, October 2017,Row Hotel Times Square,"This is was my 4th or 5th visit to the Row Hotel. I was there prior to and after the renovations, and it is now a first-rate hotel experience. Checking in and checking out were very quick and efficient. The location is probably their best attribute. Being in mid-town, you can get to everywhere easily from this location. The staff was very friendly and we had no complaints and will definitely be staying there again. They often send out specials and offers to repeat guests and overall they have very competitive room prices. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Manhattan.",5
5225, September 2017,Good,"Good location for what we required, last minute booking due to relocating with NYC. Close to travel links, easy to get to and from JFK. Busy area but it is NYC. Room decent size if staying in 2348, good views",4
5226, October 2017,Lousy Service when it comes to trying to cancel a reservation,"We had to suddenly cancel our reservations due to an illness. It was impossible to get through to anyone with authority to cancel our reservation . I spent nearly two hours trying to get through only to be constantly rerouted, sent to voice mail and told the person had no authority to help me. The next day I got an email from the hotel that falsely claimed they had tried to call me. Don't believe their no charge cancellation promise.",2
5227, October 2017,A Cool Hotel,I enjoyed my stay at ROW. It is very close to many theaters. The food options within the hotel are plentiful and the breakfast wrap that I ate was delicious. The modern theme features a stylish interior and futuristic elevators.,4
5228, October 2017,"Good location, but way overpriced","Loved the location. And the restaurant next door, Daniela, was excellent. I could deal with the small, kind of dirty room (clean the corners housekeeping staff. There was a pile up of disgusting dirt in the corners). But paying an extra $100 for an inoperable business center with no one there to run it (self serve IT with problematic equipment) was unacceptable.",3
5229, October 2017,NYC Corner Queen!!!,"Anytime I plan a visit to New York City, the first website for hotels I always check is Row NYC. Conveniently located in Manhattan close to Times Square, Hell’s Kitchen and the theater district Row is always my hotel of choice. There are several different room options when booking this hotel and the corner queen gives you a nice size room with two views of the city.",5
5230, October 2017,Brillant,Thanks for making us feel so welcome. We really enjoyed our stay. The City Kitchen was amazing and great value for breakfast. Well managed for such a big hotel. Reception area busy but some people have no patiences. Debra and Abbie room 1655,5
5231, October 2017,"Great hotel un NYC, best location","This is the best location in NYC The hotel has all the amenities we need Afordable, clean, contemporary installations The best you can have for your money We have been there in a family and in a friends trip different ocasiones There is always the a great experience",5
5232, October 2017,"""Average"" at best... somewhat dicey...","Overall value received, does not stack up to the costs.... Extra fees, lack of attention to detail, and the ongoing ""Free For all"" nature of the experience made for a ""Somewhat Dicey"" stay. Do not believe I would do it again !",3
5233, September 2017,Very central Hotel,"Stayed 10 nights Sept/Oct '17..Very satisfactory..typical city centre hotel..quite noisey but, it's NY.!!. The check-in staff were very efficient and friendly and cleaning staff very accommodating. Breakfast quite chaotic and a little expensive for the choices provided. But overall very good.",4
5234, October 2017,"Awful hotel, not worth your money.",The lobby was nice but that was the only nice thing about the hotel. The rooms had about an inch and a half gap under the door so we could hear everything in the hallway and everyone in the hallway could hear everything in the room. The carpet was dirty with stains. Parts of the paint and wallpaper were peeling. The water would run super hot or super cold. The AC was very loud and woke us up on multiple nights. The front desk/room service was often hard to get a hold of. We even spotted some roaches in the lobby.,1
5235, October 2017,Great central location,"Great location, reasonable price considering. Rooms are very small, but was not a problem for us, as we were only in them for sleeping. Great friendly staff, and prompt early check in. We were even given an option of floors for our room!",4
5236, October 2017,An okay place to stay pending your needs,"First of all, staying near Times Square is crazy. So many people, so much chaos etc. If you are for sure staying or want to stay near Times Square, and you want a reasonably-priced place to stay, you should check out the Row as an option. The lobby is very nice, as is the bar and eateries. The service was good and we were checked in pretty easily. The room was smaller than expected, which could just be a NY thing. It was pretty clean and I did appreciate that they mopped, vacuumed and changed sheets daily. Ample amount of towels as well. It was muggy in the hotel hallways, and in the room, so we weren't completely comfortable and we didn't have enough space to both place our clothes and things. I ended up using the desk as a luggage rack. As stated, overall and since we were",3
5237, September 2017,Well located hotel!,"I had a really good experience at ROW NYC Hotel. The location is perfect, just in few minutes from Times Square. The rooms are clean and modern. We had the chance to be part of a concert in the hotel during one night, it was very good!",5
5238, September 2017,"Perfect location, too many hidden fees!","Perfect location for Broadway nuts in the middle of theatre row. The rooms are clean, but the staff can be a nightmare. Check-in at 4pm takes HOURS, AND they charge extra for early check-in and late check-out!!!",4
5239, October 2017,awesome stay at ROW NYC,"overall a very good impression of the hotel. Location, service, cleaniness and courtesy of the staff. Right from our check-in upto our check-out was easily done.The tour buses were almost right in front of the hotel as well as the subway. So, i personally recomend this hotel to anyone while in New York.",5
5240, October 2017,Cool hotel in central NYC,The overall experience of the hotel transcends the quality of the hotel room. The lobby and the restaurant area are super cool. You would want to spend more time there than in a room that is very small and pretty worn.,4
5241, October 2017,Girls trip NYC,"Row NYC was the perfect hotel for our girls trip. The rooms were neat and clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location was perfect for plays, shopping, and dinners out. We also enjoyed the City Kitchen.",4
5242, October 2017,Wish we could have stayed longer :),"Very clean and spacious room with a stunning view (premium room, upgraded to corner room), friendly staff, possibility to check in / out online, great breakfast, wonderful location. Would definitely recommend!",4
5243, October 2017,Very recommended!,"The hotel is in a perfect location, very cozy And really like the ambience, customer service was great and very friendly !, I was really happy and satisfied with my stayed. Times Square around the corner, theaters , restaurants, there is also a National Geographic attraction around the corner very interesting and didactic for kids and even for adults.",5
5244, October 2017,Great location!,"The hotel room is typical for New York. It is very small and a small bath but the price was decent. It does have a good amount of storage areas for clothes. Only problem was not receiving all the linens each day. Had to call repeatedly. The location is in Times Square and super close to theatres and tons of restaurants. There are lots of shopping nearby but mostly souvenir shops. We were lucky to get a great view of Times Square from our room. That was a plus. Overall a nice, friendly hotel, good price and a great location. We will definitely stay here again next time we come to the city.",4
5245, October 2017,Crowded & Poorly Run,"I recently stayed at Row NYC and had a terrible experience. Do not come here if you want to relax and unwind. The line to check in was extremely long. There was an issue with the elevators where I had to wait 20 minutes just to get on an elevator to go to my room. There were ~50 people waiting in the lobby to get to their rooms and nobody from the hotel staff was around to solve the issue or explain what was going on. The room was tiny for the price. Location is good, but would not stay here again.",1
5246, October 2017,Disappointing,"So many issues! We requested a refrigerator for medicines 2 days before arrival - 3 requests later it finally arrived. We requested a room near our traveling companions - they got the 4th floor, we got the 23rd although we arrived at the same time. The room and bath were very small; we actually had to use the toilet at an angle to avoid the radiator immediately in front of it! Housekeeping was poor, not enough towels, 1 washcloth for the 3 night stay. Only one uncomfortable chair. The hallways are hot, dark and dirty, The same litter was in front of the 23rd floor elevators for 4 days. AC was either freezing and very loud or off. Concierge was rude. Most of he 'business center' keyboards were not linked to the computers and the printers didn't work.",1
5247, September 2017,"Row NYC - Very Convenient, Very Comfortable, Friendly Staff","We loved the convenience of this hotel...very close to all major attractions and near the subway and train. We had a room on the 18th floor and it had a great view of the Hudson River and was quiet!! Bonus!! The staff were friendly, helpful with directions and ordering airport shuttles. The rooms were spotless and the bathroom had a nice, large bathtub...another bonus after long days of walking!",5
5248, September 2017,Cruise Ship,"Only redeeming portion of my stay was the hotel room. Clean, good closet space... There was a line thirty deep to check-in. There were two behind the desk. The two staff left their shift w/the 30 ppl in line. The customer service left too. Once checked in, I had to wait in a line to get on the elevator. Plenty of guards standing around who couldn't help. To top it off, wi-fi only worked for me at 3am.",1
5249, October 2017,great,"i really like to come back again,the staff in check in was very nice and helpfull..They let you call to do international and local call totally free icluded in resort tax.They have inteligente elevators,you don't have to wait a lot,has storage lugagge without charge..",5
5250, September 2017,holliday,"lot of noise coming from the HVAC outside, a bathroom with painting falling from the roof, but a good location, near time square and easy to enter the metro. we regret there was no boiler in the room and no breakfast in the hotel",3
5251, October 2017,Nice room & View But Bad Service,"Overall room and views are great, but expect to be delayed in the lobby waiting to check in with long lines, and if there complicated elevators ever work you will get to experience the room. DO not request any services as they just do not happen or if they do happen just never the way you requested. It was my wedding night and all the additional things i requested for just could not be delivered correctly.",1
5252, October 2017,Website is misleading,"I booked this hotel off of their website. The site made it look chic and modern. When I arrived it was shabby with weird tile floors and walls that reminded me of a community swimming pool, crowded with tourists. The room looked like a college dorm room. The walls were dinged up and the desk chair had a chunk out of it. The hotel is clearly heavily used and is in desperate need of renovations. The area surrounding the area is tacky and gross too, unless you're looking to book a bus tour.",1
5253, September 2017,"Fantastic location, good internet.","The location was great. Everything worked and the rooms were clean. When we went the hotel seemed understaffed and it took us at least 1/2 hr to check in. Also, a twin room are two single beds not the doubles you would expect.",4
5254, September 2017,Super comfy bed,"The bed and pillows are super comfy, for a before dinner nap or at the end of the day after walking around the city. Convenient restaurants off the lobby with tasty upscale food were a bonus. Enjoyed live music in the bar one night.",5
5255, October 2017,"Excellent service, location & personal 😃","Excellent service, location & personal , we had a very good time even the hotel was crowded personal was always friendly You can have a early breakfast in one of the different restaurants The location is excelen,!!!!",5
5256, October 2017,First Time in New York City,"Row NYC is perfectly located near Times Square and the subway station as 42nd. We stayed for 5 nights and paid a little extra money for the city view room. It was definitely worth it! There's plenty of restaurants nearby and though we did not eat at the City Kitchen or have drinks at the bar in the hotel, everyone always looked to be enjoying themselves. The staff are wonderful, especially Christina S, who provided amazing customer service while checking us in. Our room had a phenomenal view, overlooking Times Square. Our only complaint was that the room did not have a fridge, but that didn't much matter because the food around the area was so good. The furniture in the rooms is quite modern, with the tables having charging outlets in them! Unfortunately, this was only on one of",5
5257, October 2017,Reasonable price; perfect location,"I chose Row for its location and price. Relatives live in midtown, so visiting is easy. Subways are steps away from Row’s entrance, and the price is reasonable. I would recommend it to anyone. Get ready for small rooms that feel like dorms, but they are clean and full of good-quality products.",4
5258, September 2017,The location is the only redeeming feature.,"Whist this hotel is in a prime position for Times Square, that is the only good thing we can say. Spent 3 nights with the noisiest air conditioning outside the room. The bar was an insult with over $25 for a cup of beer and a capful of wine. To top it off they charged a resort fee of $84 - no idea what for. The Concierge was helpful when we had a travel problem which we did appreciate but generally the other staff were aloof at best and rude at worst. Would certainly not recommend this hotel.",1
5259, October 2017,Review note,"The check-in was complicated because there was no employee that spoke portuguese. Who attended us in the first moment demonstraded to be really impatient, but the employee Mr. Junior attended us excellently, demonstrating to be a 5 star employee.",3
5260, September 2017,Great location but that's all,"Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights Sept 2017. First impression good as the location is fantastic and the downstairs areas and City Kitchen are attractive. Long line for check in, around 40 minutes. When we checked in the staff member checked out reservation and then laughed as she said ""there was no way your husband will fit in the standard room bed, standard rooms are really crappy."" Her solution was to upgrade (allegedly) which seemed like a nice bonus, although her manner and comments were extremely unprofessional. During checkin you are explained the ""benefits""you get for your compulsory €30 per day facilities fee, the most appealing being the free collapsible water bottle and wifi. The wifi is not great, and we never received the water bottle despite asking daily. The",2
5261, September 2017,"Location, location, location","If Broadway, the theaters, and Times Square is what you came to New York for, this hotel will do nicely. Small and old, but clean and secure, all the above is in walking distance. Right in the very heart of it! The hotel has several restaurants inside, as well as a lounge. As with all older properties, renovations continue. But you didn't come to New York to sit in a hotel, did you?",4
5262, September 2017,Yes NYC is expensive but this place for $250 a night was awful,My first need to review ever but I was so disappointed with this Hotel. They charge you for the gym even if you don't use it and all the extras add unto to $300 a night. was a broom cupboard with a permanent noise and no one was interested in helping.,1
5263, October 2017,"Location, location, location","Great location close to everything subway, broadway & hop on off services. The staff were super friendly and initially had a worry of too noisy but didn't hear any street noise. The blocking blinds were great to have a sleep in and not be disturbed!",5
5264, October 2017,"Location, Location, Location",A opportunity to get together with precious friends we had not seen for 20+ years had us add an overnight stay in New York to the outbound leg of a trip to the U.K. To maximize our time together we chose to stay in the hotel our friends were already staying in. The Row worked perfectly for the purpose. For that we were willing to pay what for us is a lot for a hotel room. A few splashes of color and light would make the experience more welcoming. We did not make use of any hotel amenities. Be prepared for the “Facilities Fee” which for our one night stay added almost 10% on the bill.,3
5265, October 2017,Access!,"This hotel was na med The Milford Plaza a long time ago. Now is renovated and changed for much better. It has A great location and access to every place. After a long, sigthseeing day, you can enjoy The music at the lobby! Al through We had a tiny bedroom, it was very clean and comfortable beds.",4
5266, October 2017,Fine for a short stay,"Despite the negative comments, I would say it's a perfect hotel to be in the hub of the action around time square. The front desk staff are helpful and friendly. To accommodate us the front desk told us we could leave our luggage with the bellboys since our room wasn't ready. We didn't appreciate the bellboys being a little pushy about receiving a tip and repeating it so we shouldn't forget. I feel that this should be at our discretion. It felt as if it was our issue that our room wasn't ready. The floor design are fun with laminated Paris scenes. The room decor and super Kool and the sliding bathroom door are funky but be warn. It doesn't have any sound proof so you basically hear everything happening in the smallest little space. The cleaning staff are friendly and",4
5267, October 2017,Great Service,"Excellent Service from entrance. Professional respect and care/ for each guest was evident. room clean, hallway clean. city kitchen great place to eat. (luke kitchen) lobster roll. yum . I would recommend the Row!",5
5268, October 2017,Quick Overnight,Stayed for only one night after a concert. Very close to bus station and times square. Room was clean and online check in and check out were a breeze. Also close to many eateries open late for a late night snack after a show.,5
5269, October 2017,Girls vacation,Location is great just round the corner from times square reception area and bar is lovely rooms are clean walls and window dirty alright...would ask for a high up room as very noisey from the traffic below over all we had a great trip...clean towels every day nd clean sheets,3
5270, October 2017,Anniversary trip,The hotel met expectations. Fairly clean. Hotel staff was friendly. The elevator gets quite busy in the evening. The room was smaller than expected but met our needs. Rented the Premium view. Caesar was amazing and friendly!!!,4
5271, October 2017,You broke my luggage on purpose,"They broke the handle of my luggage on purpose because they ask me to tip them before leaving my things in the storage. I did not feel welcome anytime, or respected as a customer. Would not come back, it wasn't my first bad experience with this hotel, I should have known.",1
5272, September 2017,Hotel cancelled my reservation day-of,"When I attempted to check into the hotel last week around 9pm at the end of a long day of work, I was told they had cancelled my reservation because my credit card had been declined when they ran it automatically earlier in the day. I had been using that card all week and continued to use it that evening, so I don't believe this is why they cancelled my room. Perhaps they overbook themselves and use this as an excuse when they end up being full. Whatever the reason for this terrible business practice, I will never trust this hotel again.",1
5273, September 2017,"Great location, but has staff issues","The clerk who checked us in just made terse comments and never even smiled. The clerk who checked us went above and beyond. Need less of the first and more of the second. The bell hops were all wonderful, too.",3
5274, October 2017,Facecloth Problem,"When a client brings an easily remedied deficiency to your attention, make an effort to remedy it. For our 3 night stay, we requested facecloths because our room had none. Some facecloths were delivered the first night. However, all the clean extra facecloths that had been delivered the first evening were removed by housekeeping staff the second day. Our subsequent request for facecloths was ignored. We had to pursue this issue with the front desk before it was finally addressed on the third day.",3
5275, September 2017,Rude bell staff. Damp small mouldy room!!,Small damp and mouldy room. Not exactly honeymoon worth. Bell boy where extremely rude demanding tips before even taking bags. One even threw our tip back at us as he claimed it was not enough. Gave $20 over 3 occasions. Unbelievable rude. A couple the day before where very thankful for our tip.,2
5276, October 2017,Hotel row nyc,Hotel needs updated and cleaned ! The location is very close to time square ! Some staff were rude like the bell staff demanded a tip before and after putting our luggage on the trolley to keep it for us !,2
5277, October 2017,Room by the elevators,"Beware... we had a room behind the large bank of elevators. Sounds/feels like you're sleeping in a subway tunnel. Seriously... also, expect a very basic room. Nothing special. Went to request a change and waited FOREVER to speak to front desk agent. Don't expect good service here. Tourist trap, draw you in with fancy pictures of the lobby/bar but rooms are mediocre at best.",1
5278, October 2017,"Great location, terrible service","Upon arrival our room was not ready, this was not a big deal even though we called ahead and asked for an early check in. We were then asked to go do a timeshare seminar which was annoying as the individual who was selling this was very pushy. Once we got to our room I was surprised by how small the bathrooms were. I am 6’5 and barely fit. Later on night one when we returned to the hotel we were locked out of our room by security and had to get new keys 5 separate Times. This whole process took 3 hours to complete. With nothing but a $30 comp to some erroneous fee that they make you pay per night. Overall I would never stay here. Great location, terrible service, rude staff, and mediocre bedrooms at best.",2
5279, October 2017,Barely 2*overly priced dusty don't book!!extra charges are added to your final bill rip off!!!!,I stayed with my friend for 2nights rooms are too small very dusty service but great looked big and good in picture but different when you there no basic stuff like mini fridge kettle coffee nothing...very dusty I suffer from asthma end up with my eczema getting worse complained to the manager she was not interested however she reduced the bill by 30 usd for the issue I had I can sue the hotel for that as my skin got affected no compassion at all the response was my hands are tight you will need to complaint to my boss really!!!major issue with health and they don't care plus the tv would not switch off the all night the highly rated price not include a breakfast the only thing positive is hotel is located in good location....lift are too dusty hotel not clean....as you would,1
5280, October 2017,Excellent,"Myself and my wife stayed here for my 40th birthday, perfect hotel couldn’t have asked for more. The location of the hotel is perfect too, it’s on Times Square but away from the businesses of the square. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. We even got an upgrade as it was for my 40th birthday.",5
5281, September 2017,Location is excellent !!!!,Great location ..safe area....walk to theaters..times square...subway stations. Don't plan on using their Valet parking ...there is nowhere designated to stop out front of this hotel. Overall a nice hotel but had issues with our room. In room safe not bolted to anything ...crappy locks on doors...did not feel safe leaving valuables in the room.,3
5282, October 2017,Wish I paid a bit extra to stay elsewhere.,"I paid to upgrade our room and they actually put us in a room SMALLER than the one before I even upgraded ; when complaining I was told there was nothing that could be done as there were no other rooms, and none that were in fact larger. I took this on the chin and informed them their imagery makes rooms look far larger. Upon departing I walked past a maid cleaning a room EXACTLY like the one I paid for. Staff unhelpful. Waited 30 minutes to check in and a further 15 minutes to put bags in hold area. Dirty marks up curtains. Bed smaller than paid for. Maids cleaning the room next door at 11.15pm while attempting to sleep. Worst hotel I have ever stayed in and I am a frequent NY visitor. I would recommend paying a further £50/£100 and staying somewhere else. We ended up believing",1
5283, September 2017,Hip hotel in the center of the city,"Despite what others have said, I really enjoyed The Row. The atmosphere was fun and lively, updated and hip. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were fine. It's New York. Rooms are tiny. Get over it and get out and enjoy the city!",5
5284, October 2017,"Dirty, Bed Bug Hotel",Hard to talk to actual person on the phone and get straight answers. Parking is very confusing. Dirty room. The bathroom had mold and mildew all along the caulking. The bathroom floor was dirty. There were bed bugs in our room. We didn't know there were bed bugs in the room until I was bitten the first nights stay.,1
5285, October 2017,"Great location, location, location!","Wouldn't hesitate to go back! In fact we already planned another stay. Loved the bar, breakfast was fast and delicious and City Kitchen had many great choices for meals. Open long hours which was great! The beds were super comfy :)",4
5286, October 2017,Row NYC is great value and great location,"Row NYC is a good example of efficient hospitality amongst a very busy Times Square experience. Row NYC met all of our expectations for service, kept the room clean, and beds were comfortable. The rooms were surprisingly quiet considering you're in the middle of Times Square.",4
5287, October 2017,Awful Treatment!,"This hotel smelled of smoke throughout the hotel. Rooms weren't clean, extremely small, lack of security in hallways. The manager wasn't professional or compassionate. My room was changed twice and both were not acceptable. As a woman by herself, I didn't feel safe sleeping here.",1
5288, September 2017,Great Location,"Hotel staff were very friendly and courteous. Our room was older (lots of coats of paint on trim) but very functional. Room was also a reasonable size...we had a Deluxe City View. Location is great...Times Square is the best...lots of action, especially at night! Lots of great restaurants everywhere...you won't go hungry!",4
5289, September 2017,The 12th year,"I have been going to visit Broadway and NYC for the last 12 years. Each of those years I have stayed at Row NYC (formerly The Milford Plaza). It's proximity to Times Square (1/2 block) and the theatre district (all around the hotel) make it convenient to Central Park and other places of interest and the cost of the room makes it relatively inexpensive. Cost and location make this my ""go to"" hotel whenever I visit NYC",5
5290, September 2017,Great location in theatre district,"Selected this hotel because of its location in the theatre district. But, we probably would not stay there again because the rooms and the windows were very small and the washrooms were tiny. The hotel felt old and dark and the room was very basic. The staff were friendly and helpful which made our stay tolerable.",3
5291, October 2017,"Super Modern, Great Location","The place is very contemporary. Strange lighting, everything has a modern nyc twist. I read the reviews and was expecting everyone to be rude but we had no issues. The restaurant was awesome especially for breakfast, everyone seemed friendly, place was clean and well maintained, and the location was really good especially for the value. Also, the beds were extremely comfortable especially after a long day walking nyc",4
5292, September 2017,Good localisation but expensive,"Thé hotel has a very good localisation 3mn to Time square and 2 mn to the subway but this hotel is expensive for the quality : lot of noise because of the air conditionned, little room, no bottle of water and no fridje in the room.",3
5293, September 2017,Hotel Experience,"Good location, modern hotel, great staff and nice bar and food area. Easy for hop on hop off tour bus, and coach trips.Recommend going for the best room you can afford to make your trip. Didn't use it but the gym looked to have alot of decent equipment.",5
5294, September 2017,Great location and streamlined service,"The experience was great since the beginning. They have luggage storage if you arrive before the check-in time. You can also apply for early check-in online, which we got. You don't need to wait in line to get your key, you can get it from one of the machines. The location is awesome, right in between all the touristy places around Times Square/Broadway, and the more local eateries in Hell's Kitchen. Also, it's a block away from the Times Square subway station.",5
5295, September 2017,Mediocre experience.,"The staff at the front desk was fantastic, and the hotel has a great location. In addition, the bed was very comfortable. Unfortunately, the room was tiny and the bathroom even smaller. The room had an odd smell that permeated the experience in a bad way.",3
5296, September 2017,Great Start for your NYC Experience,Great Location - especially if you want to go to the theater - all within walking distance. Hotel is clean and safe - food court is reasonably priced and very convinent. The atmosphere is very electric - you know you are in Times Square.,5
5297, September 2017,Not such a great hotel after all :-(,"I arrived at this hotel very early and I understood that the room was not ready, was asked to please comeback in the afternoon as my room would be ready then. I proceeded to leave the hotel when I cameback I was advised that my accommodation was not paid and I knew very well that it was paid cause I the payment was made 3 weeks prior to my arrival at ROW NYC :-( I was then asked to give them payment and my accommodation would then be cut to 1 night as I needed to sort-out my payment issue that the Reservation Team confirmed receiving. 500USD was taken from my card and they just gave me the keys to my room with no orientation as to what the rate I payed for included. upon arrival in my room just by the entrance to my room there was a leaking pipe and no apology or anything was",3
5298, September 2017,Great location but not the best hotel,"You cannot fault this hotel on location as it's bang in the centre and right next to time square. The rest of our hotel experience was unfortunately not the best. We arrived late on a Sat night from the UK with jet lag. The lady on reception was friendly and welcoming and we checked into our room. We got in there though and it was right next to an enormous air con system. We were in there 5 minutes before having to go back down to reception to ask for a change as the noise was far too much. The lady was again helpful and swapped us to another room on the 3rd floor. This room was a disabled room so it was nice and large but what let it down and my whole stay was the bed. I expect a nice comfortable bed especially for a hotel at this price, but this bed was terrible! It was a",2
5299, October 2017,Good for the price,"Paid an average of $233/night for a double including all taxes and the ""facility fee"". Not bad for Manhattan. Love how technologically savvy this hotel is. They sent a pre-check-in email the night before, and then they send an email with your ""key"" (a qr code) the day you arrive. I didn't get my key email until I had already stood in check-in line for about 15-20 mins just after 3 pm on a Thurs. To be fair, check-in isn't until 4, but the line was crazy long anyway and moved slowly. Left that line to scan the qr code at the kiosks - tried multiple times for about 5 mins before it finally worked, and the machine dispensed room keys on the spot. It doesn't, however, dispense your eco-friendly water bottle (which is really a pouch), and they're not located in the room, so we had",4
5300, September 2017,Our Trip,Know what you are paying for before you book. Get ready for the new You attitude and bring lots of money. This was a totally new experience even though I had been to new Your before. Also be willing to wait for service.,3
5301, September 2017,Great Stay,"This is our 4th stay in a 10 or 12 years. We love New York ork and staying here so close to all the action is terrific..Great spot to get the hop on hop off bus ,Broadway and theatres. Book on linear it is so easy.",5
5302, September 2017,Tiny noisy rooms,"I’ll start with the positives, it’s a great location. Right beside Times Square and Broadway. That’s where the positives end, upon entry to row nyc it was not too busy, but yet we queued for nearly 15 minutes for check in. When we were at the check out we were informed that we had to pay an additional $30+ a night. On top of what we paid for the rooms. This was for a water station, and WiFi. There was no facilities to make a cup of tea, no kettle, no microwave, not a teabag to be seen. For a 4 star hotel to not have such basic facilities astonishes me. The room itself was tiny, old fashioned, and extremely noisy. When we arrived the room wasn’t ready so we had to leave our bags with the bell boy to store in the back. We handed in the bag and the bell boy asked for a tip, I don’t",1
5303, September 2017,Vacation was great but the room was not everything I expected,If I would come back to New York for vacation I am not sure if I would stay here again.i doont think I would recommend this property to my friends and fanily. The concierge staff was very helpful and I enjoyed the picture cube in the lobby.,3
5304, September 2017,At the heart of it!,"Location, location, location! That sums it up. This hotel is right by Times Square, you're next to a lot of subway lines but you might not need them if you're willing to walk! Restaurants, pubs, plays, museums, there's a lot of everything there. The prices are what one would expect to be next to Times Square, and there's also an extra $30 daily fee for a gym nobody ever uses. Overall good, and easy, and expensive.",5
5305, September 2017,Birthday trip,"Location is great. Staff is friendly but we were repeatedly asked to view the new property for a gift card. No one asked how they could help other than that. Beds are very uncomfortable, so are the pillows. Pretty clean.",3
5306, September 2017,My stay at Row NYC,"I keep coming back to Row NYC because of its great location, the large guest rooms, the overall condition of the hotel and the lovely breakfast. It's convenient to public transportation but also walking distance to so much of what we want to do in the city. You don't find rooms this big in most NY hotels and they are very relaxing.",5
5307, September 2017,Anniversary Trip To NY,This hotel offers excellent value for the location and cost. The room while small was very comfortable and clean. The lounge was very nice. The people working there were very nice. Parking was close but expensive.,4
5308, September 2017,"perfer chain hotels stays,Your hotel was fine for our visit, it supplied us with what we needed. Thank you","Your hotel was fine for our visit, it supplied us with what we needed. location was in a good location. The people we traveled with they had stayed with you in the past, they knew the location. Thank you",3
5309, September 2017,Best location in NYC,"I have stayed in this hotel multiple times. The rooms are immaculate, the staff is friendly and the location is great. They have a unique elevator system that gets you to your floor very efficiently & quickly. They also have a very good and inexpensive continemtal breakfast in the lobby as well as a food court with a good variety of food options.",5
5310, October 2017,Not worth it,"Stayed here beginning of October. Check in took 45 minutes. Room wasn't ready so had to go back later in the day and that took another 30 minutes. Concierge was not open until 9 am and no maps and brochures were available in the hotel. The computers wouldn't work so we couldn't print our boarding passes. We were continually told that the staff behind the concierge desk and behind the ""greeting/host/computer booth"" were third party and hotel staff couldn't assist. One staff actually told us to go to another hotel's concierge to get maps. This was our 6th trip to NYC. We have been to other great hotels but this is not one of them. Look around the area for another place.",2
5311, September 2017,Tiny rooms and time share sales people accosting you in the lobby,"If you like getting accosted by numerous time share vampires every time you enter or exit the hotel this is your place to stay. The lobby has at least 10 time share people at all hours waiting to accost you on the stairs and elevator. The tub had some sort of uneven cover that was put on incorrectly so you would think you were on a moon walk when you took a shower. Pretty dangerous. If you stay multiple days they do not clean the room, just make the bed and drop off towels. For $250 a night I would expect them to at least clean, If you forgot anything, they will sell you a toothbrush for $4.00 .Pretty average hotel for the price",3
5312, September 2017,We love New York,"The Row is a great place to stay in midtown. Close to theatres, Restaurant Row, the Port Authority, and Times Square, it's also easy to find bus tours, boat tours, and the High Line. Is this nuts? I also love The Row's super efficient elevator system!",5
5313, October 2017,Small and noisy rooms,"The location is top, right next to broadway. The lobby makes also a good impression, very specious. But the rooms are tiny, you dont know where to put 2nd suitcase if you are 2 people. We could hear our neighbours talking and a child crying. I would not recommend this hotel for business. we still need to spend one more night here...",2
5314, September 2017,Good located hotel,The room was clean when we'r arrived. After day 5 they didn't clean up our room. The staff was nice and helpfull. The outlook of our room was horrable. The shower was very good. The hotel is fine located.,2
5315, September 2017,inconvenient,"waiting a hour on sunday afternoon to check in with only 2 people behind desk, one for info and the other for room check in. rooms, no coffee machine, no fridge, no microwave. the location was pretty handy and the staff themselves were fine.",2
5316, October 2017,Great location; clean well appointed room,"The rooms are very clean and the location is within a short walk to theaters, Times Square, many restaurants: and the subway. The rooms are small but adequate and comfortable for overnight sleep. I would stay again. The price is very good compared to other mid-town hotels with larger rooms. So if you’re looking for bigger rooms and more luxury, choose another hotel and pay more.",4
5317, September 2017,Almost Spoiled Out NYC Experience,"We had a room change. We felt insulted to be given that first room. The room was small but the bed was unacceptably small for 2 persons. Air conditioner didn't work, bathroom was not clean, and the noise from that bank of elevators was maddening. We went to the front desk and was given an upgrade. We're told the upgrade was $18 a night but they'd give us free giving the condition of the first room. We're surprised that we're charged the upgrade when we're presented the bill the morning we checked out. We didn't want to spend anymore time dealing with the hotel staff and let it pass. There's also another surprise on the bill, $30 a night ""facility fee"". It turned out there's a small print about it in our booking confirmation, of course. This we also let it pass. We refused to",1
5318, September 2017,"Good hotel, great location","Large modern hotel. Great location easy reach by foot to most sites in NYC but also very close to Metro. Food court on site is good value for money, lots of choice and amazing donuts! Comfortable well appointed room, hotel may require some updating overall great spot.",4
5319, September 2017,"Great location, small room","Location 10/10 Security 10/10 Facilities 9/10 Room 7/10 - a little small, we paid for a city view but the view wasn't worth looking at, and the window was so dirty you could barely see the view. AC was also quite loud but worked well enough. Otherwise it's a nice place, I would recommend it.",4
5320, September 2017,Smoky room,"Due to the ventilation system, smoke from someone smoking in their room got into mine, making it very unpleasant. The hotel elevators also smell a bit funny. The hotel location is quite central but a bit overpriced considering the cleanliness and smoke coming into the room.",2
5321, September 2017,Ok,Convenient location. Outdated rooms but very quiet. Needs updating and fixing of paint/chips No room service but food easily available. Long lines and VIP check in was non existent after 'pre check in',3
5322, September 2017,row nyc,very happy with experience. Location was very good and Hotel was comfortable. Convenient facilities including City Kitchen for affordable eats. Read reviews saying noisy and dirty. We did not find this was the case. Bedding changed and bathroom clean.,4
5323, September 2017,Great choice in Times Square for couples,I stayed with my wife for 5 days. The hotel is a block away from TS and very close to the metro. Virtual check-in/out was great. The room was small but neat and modern. The wifi worked perfectly all the time.,4
5324, September 2017,"Great price, very clean, free water, highly recommended","This hotel was great for a one-night stay for a concert at Radio City! We had 3 adults in one double-bed room, and there was enough space for us to hang out in there and eat dinner before the show! It's a little tight, but very clean, and very modern. There was a bit of a wait to check-in, but we chalked it up to a computer problem, plus the staff chatted with us and handed out bottles of water for the delay. The lounge had great entertainment, and the attached food options (City Kitchen) were great! Also, at the north end of the hallway on the odd numbered floors, there's free filtered water machines! For this area, it's a great deal and tough to beat, I'd highly recommend this hotel!",5
5325, September 2017,Not worth the money,"The hotel cost me just over one thousand pound. On arrival at the hotel I was informed that there is an additional 163 dollars to pay for service fee (for use of Wi-Fi, fitness centre, long distance calling). Should guests really be expected to pay this fee when these things usually come as standard in most hotels or at least a fraction of the price. At check-in we were told our hotel room may not even have a window. Luckily our room did, but the room was so small - barely enough room to move around. The pictures do not really resemble the pictures via the website we booked. The pictures really sold us when choosing what hotel we wanted. We were harassed daily when leaving the hotel by the staff trying to get us to sign up for promotional trips to other hotels - with the",3
5326, September 2017,Excellent location near Times Square but affordable,Not super fancy but had all we needed in a perfect location. The concierge was very helpful organizing transportation for 6 to the cruise port. The rewards program associated was also very helpful and accommodating. Unfortunately it is quite separate from the hotel so one could not communicate with the rewards program through the hotel desk.,4
5327, September 2017,Great hotel and better location,Super hotel I've stayed previously and would recommend to stay again! Couldn't find fault with the place and great value for money!! Rooms are comfortable for New York size rooms as are the bathrooms.,4
5328, September 2017,Good value for the cost,"Probably the best priced hotel based on the location. It's a 3 star, so not a lot of bells and whistles, but enough amenities to keep you comfortable (filtered water and restaurants on premises). No coffee maker but you can request a fridge for $35 for the length of your stay.",4
5329, September 2017,The worst hotel we've ever stayed at.,"Dirty, noisy room. Extremely poor customer service and reception staff - slow, unresponsive. We couldn't even stay one night in the hotel because the room was so dirty and noisy. Ended up losing from our first night's money and had to move to another hotel (Four Points Sheraton) - 5 mins away and fantastic.",1
5330, September 2017,Why the bad reviews?,"Myself and my husband booked this hotel through Expedia 6 months before we came. After reading the mixture of reviews, I was a little nervous to see what we were going to find. Well I shouldn't have been because our stay has been fantastic!! We stayed for 6 nights in total and had a great time at the Row NYC. Pros- *Location is brilliant. Right in the hub of all that is happening in the city. Within walking distance from everything - from Central Park, Times Sq, Empire State, Broadway.....Perfect! *Cab/Uber stop right outside *Wi-Fi is brilliant / phone for calls *Lively vibe in the bars and lobby *Restaurants and bar onsite. Also a sweet shop *Great restaurants nearby *Room was clean / cleaners were very pleasant. *Check-in was fast *Iron and board provided *Good sized room",4
5331, October 2017,Basic,"This hotel looks good in the lobby but the rooms are very small and shabby (without the chic) a half hearted effort has been made to modernise but it’s not good. I’d say I had a good view but the windows were so filthy I couldn’t tell. Otherwise it’s clean and basic. On the plus side it has excellent WiFi, good location and international calls are included in the resort fee. Staff aren’t rude but aren’t friendly either. My recommendation pay a bit more and stay elsewhere",2
5332, September 2017,The Best Hotel,"The proximity to times square and the super central location make the modern hotel to my favorites. the staff is incredibly friendly and always helpful. As we arrived we got rooms which had nothing to do with the booked premium or deluxe city view-rooms. we were gladly helped and Douglas picked out very nice rooms for us. so we got them the next day and spend the 11 days / nights in rooms with a wonderful view. apart from the rooms the internet access is simple and always good reception. the city kitchen right next door offers great dining possibilities. The Row has during the fashion week but also so often events in the evening: musicians, ... i simply love this hotel and it won‘t be the last stay! looking forward to come back very soon",5
5333, September 2017,Great Location,"The hotel is in a fantastic location within walking distance of lots of attractions and things to do. Only a 5 min walk to a subway station to get further afield too. We were upgraded to a deluxe room which was fine for 2 adults (2 double beds and room for all the shopping!), had a small wardrobe and safe too. Bathroom was adequate and had plenty of towels. Room was cleaned every day. We were on the 11th floor and it was still noisy but having been to NYC before I brought earplugs and that was fine. Only negative was being asked outright for tips when leaving and collecting luggage on the last day. And staff really need to tell / show guests how to use the lifts!",4
5334, October 2017,"Bed was too low, pillows uncomfortable","Depends on how long you're staying. I'm glad I was only there for one night, because the bed was too low and the pillows were uncomfortable. Thankfully the A/C and the TV worked well, and the wifi was reliable - but you have to pay a mandatory $30 fee at check-in that they don't include in room prices. A few hotels in the area are doing this now. My room was right by the elevator, which works for a Tuesday night but perhaps not on the weekend, so keep that in mind. Far too noisy. Make sure you get your reusable collapsible water bottle which comes with the $30 fee - if it's not in your room, ask for it downstairs. Both the hotel and Citi Kitchen next door have overpriced and underwhelming breakfasts. Go to the McDonalds down the block or the sandwich shop across the",3
5335, May 2017,Top of the line,We stay at this hotel for one night upon check in our room we notice that there is still some stuff on it so we thought the occupants hasn't left yet so we went back to reception and knowing that they haven't done the cleaning yet. So immediately they transferred us to new room no hassle at all. This hotel is close to everything Broadway and its 3mins walk to Times square shops and resto are also just nearby and what can u expect everything is expensive as well but this hotel is cheap enough knowing that you are at the city that never sleep. We will definitely stay in this hotel again by the way the car park cost us $45 staff are ok and accomodating😉,3
5336, July 2017,"Great place,","Firstly,I love the location of this place... Upon entering the hotel seller in the lobby was quite annoying ... I felt they shouldn't be there .... The room and bathroom was great, they were clear and well put together.... I think a staff should be put in charge for helping quests with the lifts. The customer service was great ... They work are hardly, they are helpful... I could return to this hotel and I strongly recommend family and friends to this hotel, row NYC this you very much for an amazing vocation will see you soon...",4
5337, September 2017,Great location,The hotel is very contemporary. The rooms are typical NY sizes but great if you only need a place to stay. The location is fantastic. You're in the middle of Times Square and close to a lot of other tourist attractions. Would definitely stay again!,4
5338, September 2017,"Tired, noisy and rundown hotel - not recommended.","I travelled on business and decided to stay in this hotel. Colleagues had told me that it was noisy so I requested a quiet room. Service at check was swift and prompt and I was upgraded to the next tier of room based on my request. The room we were given was on the 17th floor and was very run down. The room had not been cleaned properly for weeks. There was dust in the corners, hair in the bath, badly painted walls/doors and the windows looked like they had not been cleaned for a year. The bathroom roof had evidence of leaks from the above bathroom and like the room had not seen a proper clean in months. The air conditioner worked well however there was no way it could be used in the night and as the unit was vented to the outside above the road, all the road noise came",2
5339, September 2017,Great hotel,Stayed here for a few nights. Was definitely the best place I stayed in whilst I traveled around the US. Room and bathroom were a good size and were clean and tidy. Was quiet enough at night except for the last night when they had a band playing in their bar till midnight. If I was in NY again I would definitely stay there and would recommend to friends and family.,4
5340, September 2017,Great location but poor customer service and watch out for hidden charges,"The hotel is ideally located for all the sites. The room was clean, with everything you need and an ideal base but small. Beds were comfy and decent shower. Air conditioning was very noisy (we were in room 2045) Our biggest complaint was that the customer service wasn't great. There was a huge queue when checking in and always a queue for concierge. They weren't very friendly or welcoming. There is always someone trying to sell timeshare in the lobby. We only asked about drinking water and was then held up for 15 minutes with a hard sell for timeshare. There was always someone trying to sell something to you in the lobby. It makes it unpleasant and tense when walking through. They also charge an excessive ""facilities fee"" for wifi and the gym, which for us was $33 per day plus",3
5341, September 2017,Great Location,"Good hotel, clean, close to Times Square, really central and easy access to the rest of Manhattan. Very busy but little noise. Check in was a little slow, couldn't check in until 4 though our documents said 3 which was a little frustrating. The beds were really really comfortable.",4
5342, September 2017,Trip with family,"Rooms are very small, specially the bathroom. Dust is evident in the carpet, table and other room objects. It stays in a very busy area in NYC, so it is a bit noise during the night. Staff is a good point in the hotel.",2
5343, September 2017,My stay,"The hotel was clean and the staff is nice. The rooms have no refrigerator, microwave or coffee pot. The halls are dark and eerie. When I would go out to eat and had leftovers they went into the trash.",4
5344, September 2017,Bartenders were the best part of this hotel stay.,"Beware of the hidden facilities fee that they charge your card. Defining visit the hotel bar, the bartenders are amazing! They were the best part of our stay at the hotel. Rooms are smaller than in the photos, but not bad if you’re not spending too much time in them. The facilities fee is outrageous though.",3
5345, September 2017,Below Expectations,"Poor cleaning and definitely not correctly value-priced, it was too expensive for the type of room offered and for the overall service. Generally speaking nice building though and good location. Didn't use breakfast or gym so not sure about that.",3
5346, September 2017,Vacation,"Very noisy ...we were told that we were upgraded to our first room,however noise from the mechanical system kept us awake. We would not recommend or be staying at this hotel again. The food at the restaurant was cold by the time we collected it as it was left on the counter to get cold. The number was called out eventually.",1
5347, September 2017,Seeing a little of New York,"A pleasant checking in early. Room was small, shower very small with no place to put soap or shampoo during the shower. We ate charged for amenities we were not going to use. i.e. WiFi and health club. No continental breakfast.",4
5348, September 2017,Caveat Emptor,"I wanted to stay three nights in midtown at a nice place, so I searched for 4-5 star hotels, and found the best deal at Row NYC Hotel. Don't be completely deceived by the price, because they add a mandatory ($35-40 PER NIGHT) ""facility fee"" that is only disclosed in fine print when you book. So for example, I booked three nights for $770 and paid in advance, only to be told when I arrived it was another $100. For me this is a disclosure issue; if its $870 just be transparent so people can decide. It felt really deceptive. Meantime, apparently many other travelers were seduced by the misleading price, and the place was overcrowded. The result was you had to wait for a very long time (over 30 minutes) to talk to someone in person, more often than not the phone was not",2
5349, September 2017,Great hotel near Times Square!,"Great hotel, friendly staff. We got the standard room but that was big enough for me and my boyfriend. The room and bathroom were very clean. Even this hotel is 3min walking from Times Square, it’s not noisy at all in the hotelroom. There are many shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood. Also a lot of reastaurants in the street where you can get breakfast, Starbucks is in the same street, we got our breakfast there everyday. Overall we would definitely recommend this hotel!",5
5350, September 2017,good business hotel,Best location in the middle of the theater district. Great staff and comfortable rooms. Have been coming here for years and never have been disappointed. The lobby bar is a great attraction good for breakfast.,5
5351, September 2017,"Clean rooms, but small and practically non-existent internet","I would not stay here if you need to access the internet. Charge $30/day facilities fee for ""dedicated high speed internet"" which does not connect. Otherwise, very average hotel with nothing special other than the location. The rooms are incredibly small, but they are clean. AC is nice, TVs are nice but no HDMI ports. Need more staff available for check in during late times to avoid delays. Stayed in a superior twin room with a view only able to see a back alleyway & backsides of buildings. No help when internet issue was brought up and no offer for a discount or partial refund of the facilities fee.",3
5352, September 2017,September 2017,I don't have many complaints. The people were friendly and helpful. The room was a great price and location was perfect. Close to Time Square but not so close you heard the constant noise. The only slight problem was the water pressure in the room and a problem flushing the toilet.,4
5353, September 2017,Good from far but far from good,"Check-in staff were very rude & unpleasant. Our key wasn't programmed. When I went back down stairs to have the key programmed the staff asked for my photo id which I didn't have with me at the time as my partner had my bags. I literally checked in 5 minutes prior & returned to the same agent. 3 staff members ganged up on me, raising their voices, speaking down to me & giving me attitude in front of other guests which made me very upset. I returned upstairs retrieved my ID & returned however I don't appreciate being treated like trash. I understand their policy and I'm not here to argue. Their behaviour was totally professional,uncalled for & unnecessary. Get it right the first time. When I initially made our booking I was advised that we will have to floor city view. When",1
5354, September 2017,"Best location, noisy room","The hotel has the best location in NYC - right near Times Square - and for an affordable price. However, the rooms are very small and noisy. Additionally, the room keys have a habit of stopping to work. This problem is worse than it seems, as there is always a long line to the reception.",3
5355, September 2017,Nice location,"Nice hotel and good location in Time Square. The check in was slow. Our room was not cleaned well. Bathroom was not cleaned well at all. It was looked after by hotel staff when reported. Other than that, it was a nice stay.",3
5356, September 2017,Not a 4-star hotel.,"We spent 3 nights at this hotel. The location of the hotel was excellent for us since we live within 2 hours of NYC & take the bus into the city. It's right in the heart of the theater district too. The standard room was very small & had a very small bathroom so we did not want to spend a lot of time in the room since it felt confining. If you have a large suitcase, which we did not, it would be difficult to find a place to store it. The room & bathroom were very clean, although the shower curtain was not & needed to be washed or cleaned. The bathroom fixtures looked brand new. The hotel staff, especially the housekeeping staff, was pleasant. We were told by Wyndham that this hotel was a 3-star hotel, not 4-star. It does not have the more luxurious feel of a 4-star",2
5357, September 2017,ROW NYC,"Quick convienant walk to anything, rooms need a little help with cleanliness- especially bathrooms, poor water pressure and toilets won't flush. staff rude. Will definitely think twice before staying here again.",3
5358, September 2017,Did not clean room. Did not get upgrade.,Staying here now. Paid for an upgrade for a larger room. Did not get it. Had a package shipped overnight to the hotel. Tracking showed it arrived but it took two hours to get. Left the room at noon came back at 7:00 pm to a room that had not been touched by housekeeping. Stopped at front desk. They said all they could do was dropp off some clean towels. I said we were going to dinner and expected the room to be cleaned by the time we came back. They dropped off clean towels but did not touch the room. I have never paid to sleep somewhere that did not make up the room. Even motel 6 cleans the room. This report is on day two.,1
5359, September 2017,Nice stay,"This was a good stay for us: our theatre was around the corner, our car was parked 1/2 block away. I wish i had gotten my parking ticket validated before checking out...or should I say that I wish someone had asked if I needed it validated. But beyond that, the room was clean, quiet, with a very comfortable bed. The staff was friendly. The bellmen were hysterical. Row is a great hotel for midtown activities.",4
5360, September 2017,Great location,It was nice you had a gentleman standing by the elevators at night to make sure no one was going in that wasn't a guest at your hotel. Nice safe feature. I enjoyed that the City Kitchen was right there and so much more!,4
5361, September 2017,Overnight in NYC before heading home,"Row NYC was a great surprise, excellent service, especially Reina, amenities and location. Sound proof rooms and very comfy beds, as well as a pillow that was soft enough to not give me a sore neck. Usually the pillows are gigantic, and too firm in hotels. I'll be back!",5
5362, September 2017,Family trip,"Our room was not as big or nice as we expected, the bathroom & towels were dirty. The lifts are annoying, the reception staff were rude on a number of occasions. The location, bar & city kitchen were great x",3
5363, January 2017,best hotel for its price in the area,"try to check in online, usually long line at reception I assure you this will be the best hotel in the area with the best rates make sure your room is not next to an elevator, you will hear it go up and down all night",4
5364, September 2017,Fab!,"Great hotel, great atmosphere & excellent location. Excellence service, our room was lovely and it was cleaned every day during our stay. Everyone was extremely friendly and welcoming. Would highly recommend it!",5
5365, September 2017,Great Location,We walked almost everywhere. It is so convenient Restaurants were everywhere. There are many of the small shops I love to visit.I will stay again. By planning smartly I was four blocks from the hotel after arrival and two blocks from my business destination.,4
5366, September 2017,Row NYC Review,"Great hotel with amazing location and friendly staff. Very clean as well. We loved having access to all of the small vendors inside of the hotel with food and drinks. Our beds were comfortable, clean and we will definitely be back.",5
5367, June 2017,Good location,This hotel is very good on location. I stayed in this hotel with my parent and kids and they enjoy the hotel during their stay. The hotel location is near time square and restaurant and shopping center. The train station is walking distance as well,5
5368, September 2017,Better off sleeping in my bathroom,"Not impressed!. My husband and I basically slept in a closet. Room smelt of mildew! They took the minimalist style a little too far with one towel and no remote. They probably figured we could change the tv from our bed.. actually the room was so small I probably could have changed my neighbors tv channel. If your consisdering staying here, I would suggest a different hotel!",1
5369, September 2017,Vacation stay,"5 years ago we stayed in the same hotel then called Milford. We were so happy and gave a almost 5 star for the stay that's why we decided to stay at now called ROW hotel. We recommended to all our friends. We had a room on the 26th floor and also Deluxe city view. Well, this time we looked into other rooms and had no view accept for buildings. I went into your website and saw that we had a Superior room but paid for a Deluxe room which is not acceptable at all. The aircon was so noisy we could hardly sleep. Can you please come back to me on this.",3
5370, September 2017,Terrible Overpriced Hotel,"Great location however the hotel was far from 4 star. Dirty room, bathroom door didn't close and big hole in the back of the door where hook had been pulled off. Just generally a shabby room not worth the money.",1
5371, September 2017,Great Views,We had a wonderful time at the Row NYC hotel. The room was very clean and spacious for NY. We were within easy walking distance of any major NY attractions and really enjoyed the experience. This is our second stay and we will be back again!,5
5372, September 2017,PROVED REVIEWS WRONG,"I am compelled to write a review for this hotel. I was mortified when I read the reviews because most of them were all BAD. Even when I read the ones that were good, I didn't believe it and felt that they were written by someone working for the hotel. I even went as far as to try and cancel my stay using a plethora of excuses and calling the hotel millions of times speaking to everyone from the front desk staff to the higher employees in administration. I was determined to not be obligated to stay at this hotel (especially after seeing pics of mold, bedbugs and roaches). When I arrived at the hotel I was escorted to check in by one of the door men and the lobby was very clean. While in line for check in, there was a guy walking around with a tray of bottled water. During check",4
5373, September 2017,"Great location, bad on client service","The location was great. The elevators are fast. The rooms are good. I had some packages sent to the hotel and the process to get them was very complex. And after that, I got charged for that. Every time I needed something from the hotel I had to wait a long time.",2
5374, September 2017,Not a great experience,The chair in the room was torn. The mattress cover had stains that we asked to be changed and they weren't. The toilet had hair on it upon arrival. Gum was stuck to the base of the bed. Concierge was informed with no results.,2
5375, September 2017,Awful!,"Trippled charged my card . No one will call me back. THIS HOTEL IS THE WORST thieves. My bill was made up of ""Misc Charges"" that were not only charged once but three times. Everytime I try an call the hotel I leave a message yet no one will return my calls",1
5376, September 2017,Row NYC Hotel's horrible service,Horrible customer service. Hotel guests were screamed at and talked down to. Hotel room was filthy. The bathroom was covered in black hair and there was mold in the bath tub. Our comforter had bodily fluids on it.,1
5377, September 2017,Weekend get away.,Went to NY for the weekend. This hotel was a great value. Next trip I’m staying there again. The location was amazing. Everywhere you need to go was walking distance. The hotels offers early check in but I had not need to cause they will store your luggage for you. So left luggage and went on my tours of NY,5
5378, September 2017,One night in NY,"Good location; and within walking distance to everything. The staff were helpful especially the desk people. Housekeeping was also good. However concierge keep asking for a tip. The bathroom was clean and the toiletries were of good quality. Unfortunately the view in our room was at the back, so no view. The water was on another floor so you have to walk far to get it, better if all the floors had ice and water. The security with the elevators was also great. Elevators were also very fast.",4
5379, September 2017,NYC ROW Hotel,"NYC ROW Hotel is super! Located in the Theater District and within 3 minutes' walk of Times Square, the concierge service is flex, nice and friendly. The housekeeping is excellent. Friendly & helpfull staff.",5
5380, September 2017,nice hotel,this hotel earned the 4 stars. it easy access. great location and clean and comfortable. having access to City Kitchen is great. good breakfast . everything was easy . be ready for lines at check in but manageable and great service,4
5381, September 2017,Love this Hotel,"will be my hotel next time i visit New York for sure. Rooms and beds comfortable and clean so we had nothing to complain. Full recommendation. so happy thank you so much to all employee. we didn't spend too much time in the hotel, other than sleeping but it left a great impression on us!",5
5382, September 2017,the worst,"Everything was awful. The rooms are super rundown and staff is incredibly unhelpful. Very noisy and no lighting. I would never stay here again and wouldn't recommend to anyone I know. Dirty, gross hotel - not worth the price.",1
5383, September 2017,Housekeepers need training,"No good value for money. Rooms need refurbishing. Housekeeping is extremely poor. Huge queues to check in. From your room, when you call the reception, be patient. They do not answer and when they do, they will promise a call back that barely come. Staff need some training. But the location is great.",2
5384, September 2017,GREAT LOCATION,"Based on the reviews I have seen recently, I was not expecting much for this hotel. However i was pleasantly surprised. The location was fabulous, and that to me is your key New York Experience. The beds were comfortable, the air conditioning worked fabulously, the bar was attentive and the restaurant was beyond tasty. (Luke's Lobster... yum!) I have two complaints: 1) the shower floor was really weird. Kind of spongy underneath the bath mat and I did not feel comfortable. I thought i might slip or fall. It was clearly not level. 2) We tried to call both the front desk and concierge to find out what floors the ice machines were on. You also need the water filter machines to fill the flasks you are given upon check in. We had to hunt to find the ice and water and they are",4
5385, September 2017,"Great view, great location, friendly staff","The staff was extremely helpful, Paola, the receptionist was very quick and even upgraded our room. Had a good variety of extra activities at night which is convenient. The only downside was the parking was a couple of blocks away, but they do offer valet services if the lot isnt full.",5
5386, September 2017,Good,"Booked at the last minute but the hotel was clean and exactly as expected, they held our bags but we're very keen for tips. No view from room and noisy AC unit outside but fine if window was closed, I'm sure if we had chosen a room with a view we wouldn't have had an issue.",4
5387, September 2017,Noisy hotel. manager's promise to compensate never materialised!,Don't stay at this Hotel. there are very many others to choose from. Way too noisy! rooms are small compared to other hotels! I moved to four different rooms until I was offered one that didn't have the sound of a jet engine outside the window. After complaining the first room was noisy because of noise outside I was moved to a room that was next to an elevator and still had the same noise issue outside the window? A sleepless night that could have been avoided if the staff were able to address the issue of concern rather than just move me to another room without thinking what the solution to my complaint could be. Not a happy customer - emails not responded to so I had no choice but to leave this review. not something I wanted to do but can't stand being fobbed off with lies!,1
5388, September 2017,Manhattan's Unpleasant Experience,"If you want a dark, unpleasant, cold and unfriendly experience in New York City, then this hotel is the place to be. The entire decor from lobby to reception to floors to room is cold and noisy and does not put one at ease. The only thing colder at this hotel are the staff and if you expect a welcome at the hotel, forget it. Plus be aware of their $30 amenities fee. Most hotels are not charging that and I found it quite appalling. It included internet, which did not work well and baggage check, where you still have to pay on top of that.",1
5389, September 2017,"Great Location, Good Customer Service","We had a rough start at our stay at the Row which was fixed by excellent customer service. My husband and I tried to call to confirm our booking prior to coming to the hotel and were disconnected multiple times by a rude operator. Once we got there, Nicole and Reina were very helpful and understanding of our incident. Our room was upgraded in return, however when we checked in, our upgraded room's bathroom was not clean and the city view promised was less than favorable. At this point, we just wanted to be relaxing in a room from our day that was up to the standard of the price we paid to stay in. John Wekselman, the assistant manager, was amazing in accommodating us after this unfavorable experience. He turned a bad first impression into a very comfortable stay. Our room was",4
5390, September 2017,In the center of it ALL!!!,"Very nice hotel downtown where everything is. A short walk to the hotel from Penn station, and just a few blocks walk to Times Square. The double rooms are pretty small, not a lot of room to do anything but lay in bed (but that's expected from most New York hotels. The lounge is small and nice, had a dj on Friday night...drinks are priced pretty high (it's New York). Staff was great. If your looking forward a place to rest your head and be close to a lot of New York this is the place.",4
5391, September 2017,Do not recommend,"Very expensive... paid over 300 for one person. Had a corner room, very noisy.... not only from the street but also the walls are paper thin. I could hear my neighbours... it almost felt as if they were in my room.",1
5392, September 2017,Bad room. Good location.,"Really disappointed.The room was not properly clean,dust on headboard & aircon.Poor decor,small bed, duct tape on bed. Poor finish. No kettle or fridge. Terrible wifi. Nice outside and communal areas and great location. But I wouldn't stay again as the room was not good enough, & this was a premium room so I don't know what a standard room would be like..",2
5393, September 2017,I was so happy when I left this hotel - I know I won't come back,"This hotel shocked me. Filthy room and very rude staff who did not seem to know they are working in hotel industry. I have to request travel booking team at work to delist this hotel, I don't think no one deserves this service and quality.",1
5394, September 2017,a view to die for,"amazing staff, beautiful view, PERFECT location. Everything was beside us, yet we were not IN time square with all the noise. The property is next to a tourism office, the subway, supermarkets, shake shack, Broadway, everything.",4
5395, September 2017,Perfect to feel newyorkcity,"Perfect location, awesome roomcondition, stylish lobby! Wonderful to feel new york city and it's safe for solo traveler because of the location. But it took long time to check in and out. Thank you :)",4
5396, September 2017,Bad week,"The thermostat was clearly broken the room was 78 degrees. It took 3 mechanics and resistance from a manager when it came to solving the problem. I had to check my bags when finally switching rooms which took 45 minutes while the bellmen called me ""impatient"" when searching for him. This whole process took incredibly long due to the line to speak with anyone. The hotel is understaffed, the staff is under-trained and the attitude is toxic.",2
5397, September 2017,Dont respect the paid in advanced room.,"Even i paid in advanced , when i arrived at the hotel and didnt have my room. Then, whats the purpose of that. Bah Service at the check in, they even didnt let me know til i Get to the room and i noticed. What kind of Service is that.",2
5398, September 2017,Too expensive,You have to pay 30 Dollars for Wifi and telephone usage even if you dont want to use it. The bathroom was like a pool after having a shower. 184 Dollars for a tiny noisy room without breakfast. Cannot recomment it.,2
5399, September 2017,do i have to,"i like where your hotel is located. right where everything is going on. plus port authority is only 2 blocks away. i don't like the question at all. if i have to change all my good rating, i sure will.",4
5400, September 2017,Row fan,Love this hotel especially location. We could walk everywhere. Staff very friendly and helpful. This is my second visit in three months and I would definitely stay here again. I have and will continue to recommend The Row to friends.,4
5401, September 2017,Room wasn't clean,"stayed two nights for business. NYC was happening and most hotels were sold out. Ended up at ROW with a high price that doesn't match the level of this hotel. This is a busy mid town hotel. My room size was ok but the room was very basic. AC unit was old and very noisy. the biggest issue was that the room wasn't clean. I asked for another room but they didn't give me one. I concur with other reviewer on the impersonal service and the ""train station"" feeling at the entrance lobby. All in all not the greatest place to stay in NYC",2
5402, September 2017,From Calgary,We stayed for 4 nights and loved the hotel. Its in walking distance to so many highlights of New York and transit is easy to access. The rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable. The staff were always friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay again.,5
5403, September 2017,Sufficient But Not Outstanding,"Rooms are small, but that is to be expected in Manhattan. There is a lot of street noise given its proximity to the Theater District and Times Square, and the walls are very thin, so internal noise is another issue. Subway, food, and entertainment access are optimal, as you would expect. The room was mostly clean and tidy. The most notable problem is service. Calls to the front desk went unanswered, so we were forced to wait in the perpetually-long check-in line whenever we had a service request during our stay. There should be a dedicated counter for guests who have already checked in to make requests. Moreover, the line to check luggage in and out was absurdly long, and we ended up just carrying our belongings on the last day of our trip. Location: 4.5 Service: 2",3
5404, September 2017,Over rated.,"Check in was possible the best thing to happen from then it was all down hill, the room was very small with no amenities ie tea, coffee making, was not very clean so considering the the cost we feel it is very over rated and not worth the money.",2
5405, September 2017,"Excellent location, reasonable cost, decent room","I chose this hotel because some relatives who I would meet in NYC were already staying there. Haven't know much about the facilities. The experience was good for a short stay. Room not big, but comfortable, modern bathroom with all amenities included, nice beds and a great location, close to the Theater District and Times Square. What may intimidate some potential guests is the constant comes and goes of people in the ground floor and elevators. Dozens of people are always coming in and out, cars stop at the entrance all the time ... but, surprisingly, there was no disturbance during the night. We had a good sleep. A frugal breakfast may be included in your rate, and this is also a good option.",4
5406, September 2017,Absolutely horrible experience! Will never- ever use this hotel again!,"Extremely over-priced because of location. The staff was lying to my face after changed daily rate from $350 to $499 in 2 hours same day. First day I paid $160 + tax + $207, and since I didn't finish my business, I had to stay one more day - rate jumped up sagnifically.. A lot of tourists that wanted to stay in that part of Manhattan, and Hotel using that fact to fill out their packet with money. Very small room, and constant problem with sink or a bath, smelled like a dead rat stack in there (!!!) Couldn't reach anyone on a phone when I needed ! Hotel cleaning lady left my room door open (!) Would not recommend this hotel to anyone !!!",1
5407, September 2017,Tiny room in the heart of Manhattan,"I waited 40 minutes to check in because at 10:30pm there was only one person there to check in many people. Though other staff came up to and around the front desk no one else ever opened up another line and no one asked if they could assist this staff person. After I checked in I was riding up the elevator and asked my elevator mates if the hotel was nice I should have been forewarned listening to their reply, ""It's close to everything"". First of all - What I liked: It Is An Excellent Location. The lobby is lovely and attached to a good eatery. The elevators are excellent (many elevstors and an efficient system to call them). The a/c innthevroomnwad cool and responsive. The hallway was quiet. What was lacking: The mattress was not comfortable. The room was very small. The",3
5408, September 2017,Row NYC,Not happy with our stay. See all of the reasons why below... - Charged for early check in even though we didn't confirm we wanted to check in early. - Rooms small. - Internet spotty. - Customer service,3
5409, September 2017,Absolutely DISGUSTING,"Hair in the shower upon arrival and dirty blankets. When asked to be cleaned, they promised housekeeping would come and they never came. This hotel is more like a hostel. Highly DO NOT recommend if you want a clean room.",1
5410, September 2017,RowNYC,"Hotel is in a great location, walking distance to Theatres, restaraunts, Times Square, Central Park. Staff at front desk/doorman are extremely friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again. Great Hotel.",4
5411, September 2017,New York visit - stay at Row Hotel,"Not my first choice as a hotel. Rooms very average and small even my ""superior room"". Lobby was overcrowded like a railway station. Impersonal service and reception. Paid $50 for early check in but did not get the room till 1230pm",2
5412, September 2017,Nyc vacation,"Great value for price. Easy access to subway and, broadway shows. The staff was attentive and friendly. The corner room was a nice plus and seemed a little larger. We enjoyed our stay very much and can't wait to return to NYC.",5
5413, September 2017,Favorite Hotel in NYC,Great Hotel! Great Location! Friendly staff! I visit NYC a lot to see friends & what not.....and ROW NYC is always my first choice!! I have stayed here many times and never had any problems! If you are looking for a great place to stay that is reasonably priced....the ROW is it!,5
5414, September 2017,Location Location Location,"The Row NYC has a location that can't be beat! Right in the heart of the theater district we were able to eat, breathe, and live New York City for the weekend with zero hassle and worry. The lobby area was nice and the luggage storage for arrival and departure was great. At night, security was always there to check for hotel keys which was an added comfort. The room, while small (which is totally expected in NYC) was perfect for what we needed. It was clean and the beds were very comfortable. I would highly recommend the Row for consideration and plan to stay here again when I come back to NYC in the near future.",5
5415, September 2017,Great Location,It is much easier to work with ROW NYC then to go through a third party to get a reservation. The staff there are friendly and will work with you and explain how things work with them. If it wasn't for the staff I would have cancelled and went someplace else.,4
5416, September 2017,Great location near everything,Great location just a few blocks next to timesquare. The Hotel is clean with a small shop and a gym. Walking from the Row Hotel to central park only takes approx 15min. Really a great location while staying in New York.,4
5417, September 2017,Great location,This hotel is located steps from Times Square and Broadway shows. Rooms are small but adequate. Bathroom was tiny but water pressure was great! Beds were very comfortable. Staff was friendly. Elevator system was great. We never waited more than a minute for an elevator. I have stayed at this hotel in previous years under a different hotel name. Row has updated the rooms with stylish décor. I will definitely stay here again.,4
5418, September 2017,The room,"Very very very small room,no place for our luggage,very old building,the lifts smilles bad,very noises,very small gym,bad hotel i hope you will make it more comfortable,and very expensive,i only liked the location",2
5419, September 2017,convenient,"Row NYC is perfect for the traveler who is looking to use the room to sleep, shower and change, but one who will be spending most of their time out of the room. The location can't be beat for a comparatively inexpensive hotel near theatres, time square, restaurants etc. all of which were within a 4 minute walk. However, the room itself (deluxe city view) was small and lackluster.",3
5420, September 2017,Excellent location for exploring Manhattan!,"We loved the location of The Row! We took a train from the airport to Penn station and then made our way to the hotel. We were easily able to walk to Madison Square Garden, The Gershwin Theatre, Times Square and Central Park during our visit. When our visit was over we walked to the cruise ship terminal as well. Staying at The Row helped simplify our experiences in NYC!",4
5421, October 2016,Love this place,Lower end luxury The room I had I had seen in a porn movie!! The daily Extra Charge Resort Fee is bogus Beds are great Bathrooms /showers are great Can be noisy & busy Elevators are fast Convenient Times Sq location,4
5422, September 2017,Row hotel nyc,"Overall a great short stay hotel, internet in your room although this appears to be paid for within the cost. Front desk and concierge always very busy this made it difficult to speak with staff. Beds made each day and clean towels provided. I would stay at the hotel again and fully recommend this for short stays.",4
5423, September 2017,Fraternity Room,"Rooms looks like fraternity apartment....... When i came in mine there was beer caps on the floor, Lub in the drawer and on the drawer and the carpet was dirty. The Frontal and the Lobby look of the hotel looks great but the rooms are very disappointing. They are light and cheap (plastic and cotton sheet) on furniture and the space is very limited. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone.",1
5424, September 2017,Too busy. Too much people,It's a like big train st station It's a very big hotel. Too busy. Not enough humanity. Not for more than one night area only for tourists. Too much crowlded of people. Noisily. No no too expensive. Room very small. Decoration outside the lobby it's bad. Old. Dirty. Not for me. I préfère smallest hotel I do t recommandes this hotel for customers over 25 years old It's like the Pennsylvania hotel. There is so many good others hotels at the same prices. Preferred others Bathroom and toilet together and terrible small my toilet space it's bigger and are us usually bigger everywhere. If the prices was really cheap than we could do efforts It's not the case than go away,2
5425, September 2017,Awful,"The experience was awful. Will never go back. The elevator smelled like someone had taken a dump and there was evidence of it on the floor. The room was super outdated and the feeling upon entering the room was yuck, like horror movies.",1
5426, September 2017,Mr. B.,"Our first night we were placed in Room 312. The view was terrible but the noise from the outside vents sounded like a jet airplane taking off. Impossible to sleep. I took my pillow and tried to wrap it around my head, to no avail. We had to change rooms the next day, a first for us in our many travels. The rest of our stay was pleasant and uneventful.",3
5427, September 2017,"Clean, very central, nothing ""special"" - but perfectly adequate","We came here as an emergency after our original accommodation fell through. It was not what we had wanted (quiet, out of the way place) but it was the most economic option. The room and bathroom were very clean, the bed comfortable, the set up of the room somewhat odd with the TV on the side of the bed and having a 24th floor room the view was great and the noise was minimal despite being right by Time Square. The staff member who checked us in was very friendly - we had read subpar things about the staff but he really went above and beyond. The lobby is somewhat chaotic as it has a bar of some sort that blasts music, and while the room had excellent blinds, the bathroom did not and so the light woke us. Overall, I'd say our experience was good. It is a perfectly adequate",4
5428, September 2017,Excellent location but very noisy room,Room size was reasonable for NYC. Our room was incredibly noisy and the views from our window were terrible. The location of the hotel is excellent. Probably a good deal if you are not going to stay in the room other than to sleep.,3
5429, September 2017,The Best Location for a vacation!,"We were steps away from everything. As a new visitor to New York, you will love the ease to use the tourist bus. Starting points for any tour was within a block. Close to Times Square and the theaters.",5
5430, September 2017,bsmith,"Location, location, location. Great value. Rooms are small but so is the price. Check out the quality of your room ( air conditioning, shower, toilet, ect) as soon as you get in and report any issues as getting things resolved may take a while if ever.",3
5431, September 2017,Terrible,"My boyfriend and I stayed for a week in the Row NYC. The room was NOT like the pictures. The hallway and room had very weird smell. The AC was extremely noisy (can't sleep with it). The windows weren't thick enough so there was a lot of noise from the outside traffic. The stuff wasn't helpful at all (for example we asked for a new towel and never got it). Wifi was slow or not working at all. After all of that ( and after paying 2250 USD for 7 nights!!!!!!) The hotel put a note under our door at 4 am on our last night that we have to pay extra 230 USD for ""service fee"" (service fees are for Wifi, Gym, phone calls and bottle of water) that we didn't even use! Trying to talk to the front desk or the hotel manger didn't help. They basically said many people are surprised from this",2
5432, September 2017,Horrible and horrible staff,I called management because I had an extra charge and she hung up in my face I'm pissed I'm emailing corporate and bbb I paid too much money to be treated this way I would like someone to contact me asap!,1
5433, September 2017,"Perfect location, great value!","This is the best priced hotel in NYC, and in the perfect location. Rooms have all been modernized from when it was the Milford Plaza, clean and bright, corner rooms are great! Any housekeeping staff we passed in hallways were so pleasant and friendly. Walking distance to theaters, restaurant row, and many midtown must sees, quick access to hop on hop bus routes. We had 3 rooms, 2 adults each, all were pleased with Row NYC!",5
5434, September 2017,Row,"Aside from the thin walls between rooms and the loud guests next to us, the hotel was fine. The location was great in proximity to the attractions we wanted to see. The rooms are small as are the beds, but comfortable enough.",4
5435, September 2017,Best Hotel Ivé stayed in NYC,"The hotel was small, noisy, with bad service and overpriced. For the same amount of USD I would have stayed in a better hotel. They should focus on the quality of the personnel, services offered and rooms.",1
5436, September 2017,Worst hotel I can think of,"Appalling checkin, unpleasant smells throughout, dirty everywhere, ghastly decor, bad attitude from staff after they screwed up laundry return, hidden fees, dark and creepy corridors, and all round probably the worst hotel i can remember staying at - and I've been to 75 countries and stayed in hotels in many of them. Only redeeming feature is the good location.",1
5437, November 2016,Fabulous hotel in the heart of NYC,"This hotel is located in an amazing spot! We got the subway from the airport, which was easy and fun! I enjoy taking public transport while on holiday and here it was super easy and cheap! Much better than paying $70 to sit in traffic. The hotel was very clean, tidy and well connected with great views of the city! The only negative comment I have, was that on check out we were told we could leave our bags, when putting our bags into the luggage room and taking them out we were prompted for a tip from the guys at the desk, when I say prompted I mean the tip jar was shoved in front of you and you were not getting your cases checked in or back until you'd emptied your pockets!! We would have obviously tipped, but its different when you feel you are forced too.",5
5438, September 2017,Disapointing,"Not worth the value of money - very expensive and has nothing to do with a 4 star hotel. Room was so tiny, the toilet could not be smaller than this. AC noise was so loud, Room smelt like storage, not sure if the sheets were clean. Staff were not friendly, and very, very slow. The view of the room was the wall of another building. No water or basic facilities provided in the room. I advise you not to book! Good location though!",1
5439, September 2017,Sleepless in New York,"First impression was, what a great location. Then the reality, the noise level from the street was unbearable. Did not sleep properly for 3 nights. Also found the decor in the hallways very dark and intimidating, not welcoming at all, though the security was excellent. I also did not appreciate paying a resort fee for something offered for free and expected at most other hotels. Of course not free phone calls etc. but the majority of other guests now have mobiles",3
5440, September 2017,Awful,"There is no service in this hotel. Staff don't aware of what they are doing. This is service industry. First of all, staff should understand this reality. Even though they aren't happy about their job, work ethics is very important but what I see , they don't even care work ethics. I told them to replace my bed sheet (they didn't). I asked them tooth kit (I got it after 40 min. and after talking with Night Manager). I complained about internet inconsistency (they didn't care , I called them again but nobody hang up the phone)",1
5441, September 2017,"noisy, not cozy, not so good service","They try to be a modern hotel with room keys that can be printed in a machine with the QR code we receive by e-mail, but in my case it simply didn't work. It showed different names for the reservation and after trying a bunch of times I had to go the reception and check-in in the conventional way. My key demagnetized on the 2nd day and the printer at the reception was not working, the clerk was complaining about the software. I would prefer a more personal and better service at the reception and a fridge in my room (type superior) than all the key printers, electric curtains and smart elevators. Apart from technology problems, the hotel is located on a convenient but very busy street and the walls were not isolated enough, therefore I could hear all the city noise from my room",2
5442, September 2017,Fantastic Location!,This Hotel was better than I expected! It was perfectly located in Times Square! It was clean and the beds were very comfortable!! Check in was quick and easy! The bellmen were very helpful with questions. All around great spot!,5
5443, September 2017,Nice clean and comfortable room and well located,Stayed at the Row NYC on a Saturday night in September and the room while small was very clean and comfortable. The location is excellent within walking distance of the theater and many great restaurants.,4
5444, September 2017,Girls Trip,cute cozy rooms and perfect location. It was a daughter/mom vacation trip. had a great and stress free time at our own pace. We experienced good food and shows. Even saw Martha Stewart walking on the street. can't wait to return back again.,5
5445, July 2017,Everything is near,"Great location, almost everything is near this Hotel, but not so satisfied especially with a tiny bathroom and smell of a bathroom, I was looking for Bathroom and couldn't find!!! and my daughter was looking at me and smiling with me because I was in a bathroom and looking for Bathroom.",3
5446, September 2017,Row NYC 700 8th Avenue,"This is amazing location. About 10mins walk from central train station. 1 block from the hustle of times square. Rooms are small but this doesnt matter. Their service is great. Allow lots of extra time if you have them hold luggage. It takes 20 to 30mins for bell boy to come and grab your bags and that or more to retrieve bags. We bought an extra room for the day just to store bags and save hassle Be sure to book through a 3rd party app like Hotels Tonight or Agoda, its way cheaper",5
5447, September 2017,NOT HAPPY!,I was not happy from the beginning asked for a room close to elevator because of FOOT SURGERY did we get that NO walked far....PAY ATTENTION TO THE CUSTOMERS REQUEST! BELL MAN WAS RUDE HE ASKED FOR A TIP,3
5448, September 2017,Row NYC is my go-to hotel,"Row NYC is our company's corporate and personal hotel and home away from home. Rooms are great, quiet and clean and fairly priced compared to many comparable hotels priced much higher. And despite having a high occupancy, the staff makes time to service your needs and questions and always go out of their way to accommodate. The Citi Kitchen food court is amazing and perfect for breakfast and lunch!",5
5449, September 2017,Great location; not great service,"You can't beat the location of Row NYC, and the hip vibe. Nice, compact, modern rooms. The CIty Kitchen was great for breakfast. But the indifferent service left a bit to be desired, and the room needed a thorough vacuuming.",3
5450, September 2017,Terrible stay,Room was nasty ac was not working upon arrival. Very disappointed! I am not a hotel snob I just want it clean! Bathroom was nasty. Drawers were dirty inside. I do not recommend this hotel. For the price I definitely could've done better!!,1
5451, September 2017,Second time and still a hit,"Second visit to NYC and second visit to Row NYC The reception staff are very professional, speak several languages and are always willing to help. We have been going for a week and have extended our accommodation a further week in the hotel. have been 13 days in a hotel at the height of NY where to rest and relax at the end of the day after visits by the City ...",5
5452, September 2017,Row review,"Loved the location and security, mold in room--not so much. There was a discrepancy in the bill and some of the people got lower rates than others. When questioned, we were told ""They were just lucky."" Not a very satisfactory answer.",3
5453, September 2017,Great location and VIBE,"Central to Times Square, Broadway shows, and Penn Station/Madison Sq. Garden. Front Desk staff superb. Easy and tasty options for eating, especially breakfast. Everything from smart elevators to easy checkin/out makes for a smooth stay.",5
5454, September 2017,Dubious management,"Booked a room with tripadvisor right around midnight only to find that can't check-in to the room until 4 pm that evening. No one with the authority to change the reservation was present, and the calls to the inhouse reservation manager went unanswered. Everyone will just refer you to someone else claiming they can't do anything. I guess this is that hotel where everything is good until it isn't, once it isn't good luck trying to find a resolution to your issue.",1
5455, August 2017,Family holiday,This is the second time I have stayed here and although I wasn't real impressed the first time I decided to give it another chance. I am really glad I did. My adult daughter was ill and the staff were wonderful. They organised for a doctor to come to the room and he was very thourough. Will definately stay here again if I visit New York in the future.,4
5456, September 2017,Happy stay,"Fantastic location, hotel staff are very helpful & friendly, clean room. It will be good if the hotel can provide coffee & tea making facilities in the room. We will definitely stay agin. We stayed for 4 nights. We will stay again.",5
5457, September 2017,Very Good Service,Except for lack of staff on check in desk and a couple of issues with our room on the first night out whole experience was amazing. Staff really friendly and helpful. Food and drinks good. Internet went down but was fixed rapidly,4
5458, August 2017,Small Rooms,The Row was a great place to stay in terms of location and value but the rooms were pretty small compared to other hotels around Times Square. Nevertheless the room was clean and incredibly quiet considering the location.,4
5459, February 2017,brilliant,"loved this hotel!found all the staff to be friendly and helpful and the room was cleaned daily!location is amazing,literally just off Times square!wifi works perfectly in all parts of the hotel.we have booked this hotel for when we come back next February!",5
5460, September 2017,"Overpriced. Not a good value. Filthy. ""Resort fee"" a joke.","The lobby area is very attractive and very busy. The first impression is that this place is nice. But, the rooms will let you down. Rooms are very small, I was even in a ""Deluxe"" room. The bathrooms were very worn, with black spots of mold on the ceiling above the shower. Marks all over the walls. Carpets filthy...stained and obviously never cleaned other than vacuumed. Even the carpets in the hallway are very stained. The carpet AND the hallway lighting is VERY dark which helps to ""hide the stains"", but the stains are still obvious. The a/c vents in the bedroom and bathroom are filthy with what looks like years of dust collection. Very unhealthy. And they they have their ""resort fee"" which is about $30.00 more per day, which is basically just a way of them advertising a lower",1
5461, September 2017,"Pretty old, but great location.","Hotel's lobby looks great, nice, new, renovated. Top floors with rooms need renovation. Mostly not coz of how they look, but of how they smell. Location of the hotel is really amazing. No room service!!!",3
5462, September 2017,Great stay,"We stayed at the ROW for 4 nights over labour day weekend and were very pleased. Staff were great, very friendly and accommodating, and the location was fantastic. Beds were also very comfy. We would definitely stay here again.",4
5463, August 2017,"Horrible customer care, you are but a body to fill a bed here.","If you are seeking a bed this is acceptable, but if you have even a single question or need any help during your stay this is not the place for you. I am referring to something as simple as, ""where is the letter that was mailed to the hotel Attn: to me?"" This inquiry literally took 2 days and 4 hotel employees who all told me it wasn't here (despite a FedEx tracking number stating otherwise), and for this they charged me $8. Additionally do NOT expect to have any customer service before, during or after your stay. The average length of the line for reception or concierge is 4-10 people no matter the time of day, and if you call the hotel from an outside line or an inside line you will NOT reach a human.",1
5464, September 2017,Money's worth,"Great location and money well spent on the hotel. Worth it's price. Location perfect. The room was clean and airy (we had to windows). The system with the elevators was great, you got to you floor with out any big delay.",5
5465, September 2017,An good option near Times Square,"It was my 3rd time there. A very good last time option. The week point is still the room cleaning. The rooms were renovated some years ago, but the need to improve the maintenance and cleaning process to keep this advantage",3
5466, September 2017,Heart of the city,"Best location to see this great city. Comfortable beds and a fabulous elevator system to avoid any delays to,your rooms. Food great too and some of the friendliest staff you can meet. Express checkout a great plus too",5
5467, September 2017,Excellent staff and spacious room,"Staff were super friendly and very helpful - Zac at front desk was especially brilliant. Our room was spacious and clean. ROW NYC has a cool vibe about it. Location is absolutely spot on - it's within walking distance to Times Square, subways, shops, everything! We will definitely come back to this hotel on our next NYC trip!",5
5468, May 2017,A good stay in an Amazing Location!,Had a great stay. Price was steep but I guess I went during peak time. The best thing is the location..next to Times Square and Broadway but away from the noise and crowds! The room was small but adequate for one person. Room are also pretty dark and could do with more light.,3
5469, September 2017,Terrible,"The front desk is not practical and the staff, besides being confused, are not interested in helping guests. I do not recommend. The experience was horrible. I only stayed at this hotel because I had no choice.",2
5470, September 2017,Great Location,"Great Location, small rooms and no room service, internet dropped in and out. Location was definitely the best attribute of the hotel. Check in took about 30 minutes due to short staffing. Hotel staff were very nice",3
5471, September 2017,Good base .,Excellent location. Overnight hotel. Best location to start visiting the city. Top floors are quiet. Small rooms . no gardrobes. Noise in lobby and floors. Very crauded and abit old. For younger it perfect,3
5472, September 2017,Perfect place to stay for a weekend getaway!,The location was perfect! Staff was very friendly and helpful! When we arrived the lines were really long but I had done a pre-check in so all we had to do was scan the barcode in my email to get our room key!,5
5473, September 2017,Excellent Location,"We were in NYC recently and night before we left to go ....we found out we were bumped from the Edison Hotel. We were given the option of ROW. It turned out to be a great location for us. Very Close to where Skinny Boots was playing. Close to picking up bus for the Big Ride, right in middle of Times Square Although we did have a terrible view, none.... the rooms are very small and the bathroom. It was a very clean room and provided what we needed considering we basically slept there. The beds were also very comfortable and the staff very helpful. The bellmen were very helpful in giving us directions and pointers on our stay in NY. We were on 6th floor and the elevator usually went direct to that floor only. We had water dispensary on out floor very close to room.",4
5474, September 2017,Nice hotel in great location,"A friend and I met in NY to see a Broadway play. Row NYC is very convenient to Times Square and the theatres, as well as Central Park. Room was small but clean, and it's right next to the Sugar store so you can get ice cream and doughnuts! I would recommend this place.",4
5475, September 2017,Best Hotel Around!,"I have stayed here before and will continue to stay at this hotel because of its great location, incredible staff and service, as well as comfortable and clean rooms! I have an excellent experience every time I stay at this hotel!",5
5476, May 2017,Perfect location,"We stayed for 4 nights in a twin room. The room was small but fine just for a few days. We did find it quite noisy at night with people coming and going from nearby rooms. The best thing about the hotel is definitely the location, with times square, restaurants and theatres all within easy walking distance.",3
5477, September 2017,Super stay,This is my third time staying at the ROw. Always enjoy my stay. I checked in to a different hotel a few blocks down and immediately cancelled my reservation as it did not compare to the Row! They just need to work on the checkin process. It's a little slow and can be frustrating especially if you just arrived from a long flight!,4
5478, September 2017,This is away below 4 stars Hotel,"Rude staff and unexperienced, hotel facility too old too much traffic on the reception Only location is good and also wifi service was good room has no fridge room is too tiny I think its good for one night at max",2
5479, September 2017,Just okay,"I've stayed at the Row three times so far. Although the best thing about it is its' location and affordability, I just might try to find another hotel next time I come. The rooms are very musty and dry. Room service is extremely slow to respond. Sometimes I had to call 2-3 times. This stay I was really disgusted by the bathroom. Inside and outside the bathtub was very dirty with marks I had to clean myself. This was really unacceptable.",2
5480, September 2017,Great times,I have just got back from a stay in the row NYC New York.Although the hotel was very busy the staff where very friendly and answered any questions we had.The rooms were clean with everything you needed for a short break.Drinks and coffee were quite reasonable and although the hotel was near Times Square you couldn't hear any noise from the street below.Right in the middle off things and plenty of things very close by.I would recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a good hotel in the heart of New York at reasonable prices a great time was had by all,4
5481, September 2017,It was at good location and hotel is clean. One negative thing is room views closed by building and No breakfast for fre,It was at good location and hotel is clean. One negative thing is room views closed by building and No breakfast for free. Parking fee is expensive. Overall it is a good location and clean but provides breakfast for free would be good.,3
5482, September 2017,Very Disappointing,After paying for an upgrade to a higher floor room we were very disappointed by the size. Barely enough space to walk round the bed - when I queried this I was advised that the upgrade was for a higher floor - not the room even though the information on the reservation was from a superior room to a premium room upgrade = apparently the only difference according to reception is the floor its on. I also complained about the horrible mould around the bathroom wiindow frame and also the sealant around the bath was badly cracked and very badly discolotred in places. I asked for someone to come and inspect this but no one saw fit to do this. At reception I first complained about this and advised that this was potentially a health hazard and needed to be looked at - answer I got was,2
5483, September 2017,"Great Location cute rooms, good value.","The rooms are adorable, clean and just right is size. The location is close to everything. Two things need help, the line up at check in is outrageous, teach people about the automatic check in, so easy. The second thing is the Lobby has so many people it can get hard to move around, not sure how that can be fixed. Modern elevators and extra security is the norm there.",5
5484, September 2017,Elevator noise,"Stood at the row before, this was the first time a had a room next to the elevators. The noise was annoying. They need to insulate those rooms better. Was dissatisfied with the room this time around. Will choose another place for my stay in nyc.",2
5485, September 2017,Very Good,"We came back to Row NYC Hotel in the future,,because we live great times, the hotel is wonderful, it is very well located, the attendance is a differential and we recommend for all these reasons.We guarantee it will be a great experience.",5
5486, September 2017,Small room,Room is small. Queen size bed is actually full size. Bath room is tiny. Bathroom is only shower. Picture in web is not like the room we get. Hotel lobby have Wyndham resort sale staff set you up for timeshare presentation. Be aware that you don't have to buy anything from them and can leave after 90 minutes sale presentation is over.,1
5487, September 2017,Great locaction,"The Row NYC is in a really good location. Being able to check in using my phone was great! The hallways were very dim, needs more lighting. We were on the 12th floor, a little noisy from street traffic. Overall a nice place to stay.",4
5488, September 2017,Poor customer service,A pipe burst and maintenance used all the towels to clean up water. He did not report the fact he used all towels. Front desk hung up twice when I attempted to get more towels. I had to go to concierge desk and main desk to resolve issue,3
5489, September 2017,"Great location, but.....","I knew that the hotel is very old. But it's not clean and very poor condition. I just stayed 1 night to move the city. Even though I was staying 1 night, it's not good to say with friends or family. I hope you do not slect this hotel for location.",2
5490, September 2017,Worst Bar Tender Ever,"The Row bar is very trendy and a fun place to be and bring friends and family. However, the bar tender there- Jarrad was awful. He had the worst attitude, I will definitely never return or recommend to anyone",2
5491, September 2017,Disorganized and hectic,Very disorganized hotel. The hotel does not accommodate well for the high volume of people staying at hotel. It was always crowded and people in the lobby were very confused and dismayed. The room was just okay and the the hallways were dark and confusing. The elevator system confused most people in the lobby. I feel bad for the numerous people staying there who did not speak English well.,1
5492, September 2017,Business/pleasure,"This was a last minute booking because the hotel we were staying in was ""full"" when I requested an extra night's stay when our plane reservations were cancelled due to a major hurricane named Irma. Told me the night before if I ""needed to stay the room rate was increasing by $200"" despite that we are Hilton Honors members and the hurricane was wreaking havoc all over the southeast. I inquired the next morning and was told to wait in my room for manager's call back. Received a call that I needed to wait longer. Finally, I felt we weren't going to be able to stay without paying far more so we departed, but not before the manager told me they were completely booked and ""found me a room at their location at the airport"" for a flight departure 29 hours later. To be stuck there for",4
5493, September 2017,Excellent Hotel for a short trip to NYC,"I stayed here in a standard twin room for 4 nights in September 2017. Our room was small but fit for purpose, clean and modern with hair dryer and free toiletries. The beds were comfortable and the room was cleaned and towels changed daily. The hotel had great facilities such as free, powerful wifi, access to free computers and printers, free collapsible water bottle and access to the district M bar and city kitchen restaurants. My only complaint would be the noise from the street that is quite loud inside the rooms.",5
5494, September 2017,Smells like cigarettes,"Very affordable rates for a hotel that is a block away from Times Square and has a nice atmosphere to it. The room itself was nice except for the fact that it reeked of cigarettes! It was the first thing my girlfriend and I noticed when we walked in. We complained about it to the front desk, and they gave us a couple of options for how they could help resolve it. Unfortunately, they seemed to have forgotten about us or ignored the issue, because we never heard from any of the staff afterwards.",2
5495, September 2017,"Worst experience in NYC, and the worst service ever.","I sended a package to the hotel but before that I called them and I see the conditions of the booking, they never told me a thing about a fee, but when I arrive they made me pay around us$150 and the worst part was the poor service, they never try to help, even when they accept the lack of information and the mistake in the information of the reservations conditions.",1
5496, September 2017,Location was the best!,"Loved the location! Subways and Time Square was super close. Even the double decker bus tour was nearby. Room seemed a little pricy for the size, but we were upgraded to two beds for free! Breakfast should have been included but wasn't thru Priceline - booking.com includes breakfast",5
5497, September 2017,Comfortable and very Convenient for Theatre Goers!,"Certainly a convenient location for anyone in NYC going to the Broadway Theatres. Rooms were modern, comfortable, and kept clean. Bar/Restaurant in the lobby for younger (than I) crowd. Lots of Times Square/Hell's Kitchen eateries and activities close by.",4
5498, September 2017,I like the Row NYC,"Decent room for the price. Nice hotel staff, Rude Breakfast guy acted like we were begging for a piece of croissant and a cup of coffee. Loud noise coming in from the next door around 5:30am. Could be better.",3
5499, September 2017,"Perfect location, disapointing hotel.",While we were in the heart of Times Square the room was very small. We were overcharged for parking by $20 and the checkin girl was quite rude. I was satisfied with the hotels cleanliness. I most likely would not return.,3
5500, August 2017,Excellent location for the theatre bound!,"Great location, nice rooms. great food options! Row was perfectly located for Broadway. We will definitely stay there again. Love the elevator bank that you request for your specific floor which seems to decrease your wait time for an elevator!",4
5501, September 2017,Good Hotel,Good hotel great location. Due to not being able to use lifts when we arrived at the front desk they told us we where on one of the top floors. I then explained my case that I prefer to use stairs and it was no problem they changed our room to a third floor which was very accessible with the use of stairs. Hotel basic but what more do you want- considering you only sleep in the room.,4
5502, September 2017,Never again!,"My first and last time to book with this hotel. First, I had very dirty room, there was dust all over the carpet and bathroom wasn't fully clean, then I found stains on bed's sheets. I complained to the manager and they change the room for me with city view, which was a very big mistake because the room has noise from street of course. It is like sleeping on the street. Too much noise. And also there was stains on bed very disgusting. I called room service for new sheets and they came after an hour and 35 mins. They came 12:35 am to give me bed sheets!! Never again The only good thing I would say it is close to bus station.",1
5503, September 2017,We loved NY and the hotel.,"Nice Hotel very Good Location near bway and times square. Subway Not far Away. If you like Walking, a lot can be reached by a 20 min. walk. We Stayed in a Two bed Room thats was ok for our Family as we mostly were out. Nice View over hudson river.",4
5504, September 2017,Okay but expensive,The room was okay just small room with a small bed but I guess for NYC is okay just not the price too expensive for what you get and then the resort fee. The room I got just next to the elevator besides being too noisy smell bad. I was there for work so by the time I was back at the hotel I was too tired to complain about it.,2
5505, August 2017,solid choice!,"I stayed in ROW for 3 nights with my son recently. We used to stay here, years back, when it was the Milford. It has since been updated extensively with much improved décor. We had booked a standard room but we very lucky to get upgraded to a corner room on the 19th floor with great views! I would recommend, if you are staying here, to book a higher level room as it is a lot quieter! our room was fabulous......much bigger than I expected as I know there are some very small rooms and you can't beat the location! my only criticism would be the check in. the line was extremely long and they only had 2 staff at the front desk.. at check in time!! however the staff was excellent and we had not other complaints! we appreciated the added security in the evening with a guard",4
5506, September 2017,Love the Row but not this time,"I always stay at the Row. I come to NYC for pleasure and always do Broadway shows. It's convenient and the price is always right but I was not as pleased this time. I did the online check in the the machine that should have dispensed our keys was not working so we had to wait in line anyway. And the bathroom was not as clean as it should have been. We tried to call the front desk and it was impossible to get anyone so I just wiped it down myself because we wanted to head out for a drink. I have a reservation for November. I hope it's back to being a great experience. If not, I'll look for other options.",3
5507, September 2017,"""Quick trip for the theatre""","The hotel is so busy and a huge destination for foreign travelers so don't expect personal service every minute. It is not a 4-Star hotel, but it works. The mattress and pillows are wonderful. Even though I was on the 19th floor, I could hear outside noise, usually rooftop mechanical equipment. I really didn't have trouble sleepinp, although through no fault of the hotel, people were very noisy in hallway outside the room late at night. I do not understand low marks given on this site. Yes, it is an old hotel that has been updated. It was clean and, for New York, my single room was an ok size. I would not like the long check-in lines, and they need to add personnel at 4:00! I used the new auto-check in and I was assigned my room, received an email, and was able to scan it",4
5508, September 2017,Walls are paper thin.,"The operator said the entire hotel is like that. I hear every word next door and I can't blame them because they are having a normal conversation. To prove the point, i just heard the neighbor sneeze. And to top it off I get to hear the conversations on both sides of my room.",1
5509, September 2017,Check in terrible,4pm check in on Thursday Sept 7. Waited in line 1 hour. I counted 47 people in line! I called the day before to inquire about express check in. My room was prepaid and Non refundable. The hotel told me I would get a link to expedite CHECK IN. That never happened. Checked spam and junk mail too. This also happened to the lady in front of me.,3
5510, September 2017,Ok hotel,"We've been coming here now and then since it was still called Milford plaza. Now ihe rooms had a face lift, the hotel looks a lot fancier and it has a new name, the ROW. The location it absolutely perfect. The rooms are small, the walls are thin (though maybe still better than in other hotels). It is a big hotel, so there can be cues for checking in or bagage drop off (which is free by the way, a bonus. Tips are welcome). Fresh water and ice available. Good wifi, good shower. Despite all this we think of chosing a different hotel next time with more (storage) space and a fridge.",3
5511, September 2017,Balance: bad surprise,"Nice localization, clean room and nothing else, besides a cheated balance. The deal price should be the final price and NOT be added with a FACILITIES FEE, a non-optional item that the guest didn't ask for and didn't use. If it's not an optional, it should be part of the deal price. Very disappointed. My email: jmacoutinho@uol.com.br",1
5512, December 2016,Christmas shopping,We have stayed in this hotel on numerous visits to New York. And being from Ireland we could not have imagined how centrally located it is. It's slap bang in the middle of manhattan. Within 2 mins walk of Times Square. The staff are really helpful and the cafe is a great way to start off your day of shopping or sightseeing,5
5513, September 2017,Worst client service,"I stayed only one night due to a late work event nearby and realized I had forgot my toothbrush. I called the front desk and was told they would bring one up right away. I had to call 3x to check on it... and it never arrived. I should have realized then how terrible they were. Two days later I notced that they had charged me TWICE for my stay, and spent an entire day trying to get a hold of someone to help me. They transferred me, bounced me around, even HUNG UP on me two times. And what is worse is that everyone on the phone had an attitude and not one person apologized. I still have no resolution for this, but suppose I'll try again tomorrow. Worst experience for a quick one night stay I've ever had.",1
5514, September 2017,Horrible experience,one of the worst hotels in the Area ... I am going back to Hilton Garden ... Its was a bus station with not personal service or not service at all ... It was my first and last experience at ROW NYC . it was so awful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
5515, September 2017,This place SUCKS,Just an awful hotel experience. Starting with checkin which is a ridiculous process with a long line at all times. The rooms are dirty and small. The hotel elevator system is a joke. I wouldn't ever stay here again. I would give 0 out of 10 stars.,1
5516, September 2017,VIP service from front desk,Thanks so much to Christina S. at the front desk for going above and beyond in helping me with my reservation. Cannot thank her enough for all her attention to my needs due to a last minute flight change due to in-climate weather.,5
5517, August 2017,Best location in Time Square,Best location in Time Square to connect to the Train Station and get to the US Open. Close to all the fun that Time Square offer and other amenities around. I recommend it to anyone that will prefer location over luxury,4
5518, September 2017,Review,"We had to wait in line in the middle of night to check in. The staff was not friendly at all and act like they would have been statues. Very ""robotic"" instructions I felt like I was in a one star hotel!",1
5519, November 2016,Great spot,"Stayed here for a few days while touring USA it is a great location with easy access to all the main spots, not sure I would like to spend more than a week here but was great for out needs, the rooms are basic but clean with everything you need,",4
5520, September 2017,Convenient location; not much to impress,"Convenient location, and very trendy. But the room was dirty - needed to be swept (crumbs on the floor) and there was a hair band left in the bathroom that was pretty gross which seemed to confirm that cleaning was minimal. Window shade in the room was torn in 2 obvious places - slashes across the center that were 5-6 inches long. Just didn't seem like there was a lot of care given to appearance of the room. Check-in process not particularly clear - received an email for online check-in, but not clear if you said you would arrive at 3pm if you would be charged the $75 for early check-in. The line at check-in was VERY LONG and slow - so while in line I did the online check-in (after 4pm, to be sure to avoid the $75 fee), and that allowed me to skip the line and get my keys -",3
5521, September 2017,"Room not massive, but a good Base near Times Square","It's a brilliant hotel. There's a good food court and they had live entertainment. In NYC you're only in the room to sleep and it's more than adequate for that. The bed was comfy and the shower worked, but the room was small. They were really good at check in. They'd already sent us the info that we needed so it was just a case of double checking everything and sorting out the card. Lifts to the rooms seem über efficient. The location was brilliant for Times Square and Broadway. It was moments from the subway and not far from things like the Rockefeller centre and that sort of thing. At check out time we found that it'd cost us less than we expected. The concierge helped us get our cases to the cab (that they'd flagged down for us). We will be staying here again next time",5
5522, August 2017,reckless,Still havent got any feed back about we had to face during our stay in ROW NYC. Had to call the hotel at least 20 times to find an answerer after we came back to our country. it has been 2 weeks but we still havent got the refund we had been promised!,1
5523, September 2017,Beautiful rooms great views friendly staff,"The room was light and spacious, the bed was very comfortable and the pillows. The staff were friendly and accomodating and the hotel was very safe. However we didn't appreciate paying twice for the accomodation due to the hurricane.",4
5524, September 2017,Convenient location with drawbacks,"The Row wasn't my first choice for a short business trip to New York but the price seemed competitive and the location is sound. Just off Time Sq the hotel caters for the mid-priced tourist and has much to offer in that respect. Relatively easy check in and out, good bar and adjacent City Kitchen are plus points. However the unhelpful and almost surly front of house and telephone staff let them down. That and the additional charges for wifi and the gym, whether you use the latter or not doesn't come in to it. I upgraded to an upper floor to avoid the traffic noise but even at 27th level you come to understand that New York is the city that never sleeps because it can't with all the horns and sirens going. I have no gripes on the room itself. With great views of the",3
5525, September 2017,Great location by Times Square,"The location of this hotel is great for walking to theaters and restaurants. The rooms themselves are obviously old, but renovated. Beds were comfortable. We had a very loud neighbor, which was the only negative. As per most NYC hotel rooms, they run small. Paola was kind enough to upgrade us upon arrival so we had a nice corner room with a city view. I loved how the elevators go directly to your floor without any stops. All staff members were pleasant. Housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful.",4
5526, September 2017,NOLA to NY,"Great location!! We are able to walk to every Broadway play offered!! Also walking distance to Central Park and still able to walk hours once we get there. Walked to great restaurants- Carmine's around the corner, Ruth's Chris Steak House, Restaurant Row at the corner. Great price when able to reserve during one of many specials are offered. Refundable up to 48 hours before. 2 blocks from 42nd St. main subway hub. We walked to Empire State building, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central, Lincoln Center and walked the 2 blocks to 42nd to catch the 7 train to the US Open Tennis Tourney.",5
5527, August 2017,Great Location - Does the Job!,A great base location to access all of Manhattan and greater NYC. The rooms are relatively clean & spacious (for NYC). Midday check-out is also a plus. There's an impersonal atmosphere in the hotel but that's not surprising given how busy it is. I'd be inclined to stay downtown in future but this is a very good spot for a first time visitor.,4
5528, September 2017,Sister's 50th Bday,Great place to stay. We love the location and the atmosphere. We especially love how convenient subway access is. Service is excellent and the staff is friendly and helpful. I recommend The Row to all my friends.,5
5529, April 2017,Ice machines in the corridor??,Stay away from this place. Who on earth puts (really loud) ice machines outside guest rooms?? We were constantly woken up by weird people filling up their glasses with ice - even at 7am?? The air conditioning was also unbelieveably loud but we had to put that on while we slept to drown out the noise from the street and ice machine. There are plenty of other places to stay in New York. This area around TImes Square is just hell. There was a huge queue when we arrived to check in but this went down pretty quickly. Maybe have a separate desk for Chinese and Japanese guests? Other people should't have to be delayed because these tourists can't speak or read a word of English.,2
5530, September 2017,NYC stay,The location of this hotel is excellent. The rooms are very small and the bathrooms smaller. When in NYC you don't spend a lot of time in your room except to sleep. And the beds are incredibly comfortable.,3
5531, August 2017,As expected per reading Trip advisor reviews,"Check in was chaotic. Cleanliness was slightly below average. Rooms were small, but that's expected for NYC and this area of town. Lobby was always chaotic and packed. Great for walking to several places and easy to get on subway.",3
5532, August 2017,Solo trip NYC,"Great location, easy to get around close to many attractions. The rooms were small for a group of 4, very clean was a quiet space so easy to get some sleep. Friendly staff very easy to get a taxi or uber",4
5533, August 2017,Worst hotel experience ever. I had a package delivered to the hotel but they lost it. I haven't gotten any feedback,"Worst hotel. Poor customer service. They lost my package delivered to the hotel. I havent gotten any feedback from them up to now even though i have spoken to the manager and left my email and number to them. The rooms are too small. If you have a big luggge laying on the floor m, you won't be able to move around.",1
5534, March 2017,St patricks day,Great hotel....staff excellent.room basic but clean.location perfect .I would recommend this hotel for NYC..Lift system is amazing .Prices are fair as we travelled in the middle of storm Stella...staff very helpful and breakfast bar well stocked.,4
5535, September 2017,no room,room was too small for two people and did not use any of the things for- water- gym-phone but also check in took 45 min. with only 2 people behind the desk but over all it was a pleasant stay would come back,3
5536, September 2017,Very good but need improve and some areas,The location is perfect and the service of reception is very fast but i think need improve the cleaning of the room. Should be more information about the city like good restaurants and tourist hotspots.,4
5537, September 2017,Great hotel for with a perfect location,Perfect location and great hospitality. Everything was simple and the hotel room was great. The hotel food court was nice woth a variety of options. It was our first time in NYC and the next time we go we will definitely go to the row!,5
5538, September 2017,Over priced and dirty....,"I stayed a Row Hotel last night. My room was by the elevator banks and all night all you hear is the sounds of the cars zooming by. The rooms are small and hardly functional. The TV is mounted on a wall that is not viewable from the bed. The walls to the rooms are dirty, dark and narrow. The kicker is they slide under your door a bill for 'facilities free' what BS - or internet, gym and something else they feel you should pay for. Will never stay here again and strongly recommend that other look for a more honest hotel that does not stuff you this kind of fee.",2
5539, September 2017,Beware of Facilities charge on checking out!,"I booked & prepaid for 3 rooms as we were in NY celebrating my daughters 21st. On the morning of checking out an invoice for $89.82 was put under the door of each room. On asking what it's for I was told I could have used all the facilities but we wasn't told this on arrival & didn't use any so be aware that you will be charged for facilities so make full use of them! Facilities are apparently use of the gym, international calls, & wifi, all we used the hotel for was to sleep as we didn't spend any awake time in our rooms. I will not be using The Row again for any of our trips to NY (we visit often) & will not be recommending to any friends or family due to large, unnecessary, hidden costs!",2
5540, September 2017,Best Stay Yet,"I had a good overall experience ! I'm really glad the security deposit was so small - only $50, days where most hotels charge $100 and up and I've noticed that just after leaving on the 5th and it's only the 6th that the security deposit has already been returned to my card !",5
5541, August 2017,First time in NYC,Junior at the front desk was such a sweetheart! Very informative of the area and took time to map out a few spots for us. This hotel was located exactly where we needed it to be. Will stay here again!,5
5542, September 2017,Accommodations not worth the price,"Thw ccommodations are not worth the price. Single beds are ridiculous. The elevator situation, although is intended to be efficient, is not at all. Plan expecting there may be 5-7 minutes of wait time to get up or down to your room. Definitely don't pay up to be on a higher floor. Pretty poor experience.",2
5543, September 2017,Ok,The price for one night and the room is way too high. Their noise you'll hear throughout the night and the bedding is cheap. The bathroom is small and the toilet in is a corner. that mean your space is limited.,4
5544, September 2017,Disappointed,"I stayed for five nights with a friend and we choosed this hotel because we have stayed there before and been really pleased. At that time i also gave a good review. This time, however, was a bad experience. The room was poorly cleaned, there were hair on the walls in the bathroom, staines on the blankets and sheets. We did not even wanna touch the curtains, and it was dusty behind the bed and on the walls. The AC was making an terrible noise that made it hard to sleep. We asked the housekeeper if she could change the sheets for us, but the told us that we had to go down to the reception for help. However the queue was very long and they only had staff for check in. One time we phoned the reception because the iron did not work and were promised that someone would come up with a",2
5545, August 2017,HOLIDAY,Location very good. Old rooms. Water dispenser very very good. Internet connection is very good. Breakfast optimal like the staff(specially the Spanish boys) Really fast check-in and rooms quite clean.,4
5546, September 2017,Row Review,"Booking this room was a nice and easy process and checking in was great too. Though our room didn't have the best view, it was still a great room. This price was reasonable for staying in the city. Overall a very good experience",4
5547, August 2017,Ok,Bed was comfortable. But room was a little tatty and could have been cleaner. There was litter right outside my window on 24th floor and had been there a while because faded by the sun. Location was good for getting about New York.,3
5548, August 2017,NYC Stay,I had problems with Greyhound and had to spend the night in NYC. Through Trip Advisor and ROW I found an affordable room near the bus station. What I loved most about the hotel was its international flavor. With so many different languages spoken I thought I might be in Europe.,4
5549, September 2017,"Great location, but subpar hotel","Even after confirming our room type with a front desk agent upon check in, we were given the wrong room with no view. When we got to the room, we called to let the front desk know and we were told to see a manager and were given the correct room type with a view. This mix up on the part of the hotel staff wasted more than an hour of our time and we missed some of the items on our travel agenda because of it. Also, the adjacent rooms in our correct room type were VERY noisy and we were not able to sleep comfortably at all even though the bed and bedding were very comfortable. The walls seems to be too thin and the hallways to our room wreaked of marijuana and cigarette smoke. We were on the 14th floor and could still hear the taxi cabs horns all hours of the night. They must have",3
5550, December 2016,Short stay in NYC,"We stayed at The Row NYC for two nights on our way to Niagara Falls. The initial impression was that it all seems rather chaotic. There was loud music in the foyer and many guests milling about in the entrance. It was early morning and there was a very long queue for the booking in desk. They were very slow in dealing with check in but we eventually reached the receptionist who told us to check for an email as soon as a room was available. We left our luggage and went off to explore. After a long day walking around, we returned to the hotel to find no room had been allocated and there was another long line for check in. Eventually we got our room key and headed up. The room was a disappointment as it was essentially a single room with a small double bed being represented as a",3
5551, September 2017,Worst stay ever,"I have stayed in NYC many times. This was was the most have ever spent on a room. The room was small and the bathroom was a closet. i had the ""Deluxe City View - Full/Queen"" room. The lobby reminded me of a bus depot. Watch out. The free WiFi costs $30.00 (facility fee) I would look elsewhere. I will NEVER stay here again.",1
5552, September 2017,Matchbox size room,"When you will go through various sites this hotel will show its 4 star. Not true. It's 3star. Rooms are old,tiny and not very clean. It's always too crowded so you have to wait long for check in. The only thing good is the location. One block from Times Square and one block from Hell's Kitchen. Right next to Port Authority. The lobby has a good vibe and young crowd. I won't recommend booking it if getting over 150$/ night. Beware they charge $30 extra per night. Better Options: Hyatt centric ($200-300) Similar : Gallivant; crown plaza ; Marriott courtyard; The Manhattan",3
5553, August 2017,"Fantastic location, average service!","Overall the stay was brilliant, the staff were helpful and the location was excellent. However the wifi was horrendous, there was no kettle or fridge, and there was a side door connecting our room to another which made for little privacy. Would recommend but not for a lengthy stay!",3
5554, September 2017,RESERVATION ACCURACY,My accommodation wasn't met as reserved!!We requested a suite for four.Three adults and one child.Upon check in we were given a suite with no let out sofa and one queen bed. This were my fourth time at NYC ROW,1
5555, September 2017,Great hotel..Great location..Great staff,"We stayed here for a 5 nights for summer vacstions...On arrival we were greeted by Rob at check-in who was more than helpful with things. The room booked provided more than enough stay for 2 of us, with access to the various facilities within the hotel. The hotel itself is very central to everywhere we needed to go, with access to a variety of cheap to high end restaurants near by.",5
5556, September 2017,Worst,There was no service and the rooms are next to elevator cant sleep because of noise and when i want to talk with who is in charge no one was there worst hotel ever and worst experience ever dont stay at this hotel they just take your money,1
5557, September 2017,Fab location & price but small room!,We stayed here with our 2 kids and had a 2 doubles room. The room was small with not much room to walk about or store or hang clothes. However the location was brilliant and we did get an amazing deal,3
5558, December 2016,"Awesome location, great staff!",Easy to walk to broadway shows and Times Square from this hotel. Love the remodeling! Staff was so helpful. Only issue was a large beetle/bug in our bathroom so don't leave wet towles on the floor! Also you coudl hardly walk out the main door to the street as that is where the large groups of people were told to wait for buses so it was very chaotic.,5
5559, August 2017,Good situated but loud,"I was disappointed of the rather small bathroom, the loudliness in the room (especially at night, needed ear-plugs) and in some cases was not satisfied with the friendlyness at the counter. Had better experiences in Chicago and especially in Detroit although the last one was listed as a 3star hotel.",2
5560, May 2017,Easy Walk,"My wife and I recently took a trip to NYC for fun. We picked the Row NYC Hotel for the location. It is an easy walk to Times Square, Theaters, and Theater Restaurant Row. A subway station is just down the street. The hotel has a modern feel. The rooms are not large but more than adequate and nicely appointed. The hotel bar and restaurant is nice and there are a lot of options for eating and drinking close by. This is definitely a keeper.",4
5561, August 2017,"LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION","Quirky boutique hotel with murals on each floor along the elevators hallways. Location is in the heart of theatres row. Subway only a few blocks away. Off of the craziness of Times Square. Easy to get anywhere. 35 minutes to US Open, 20 minutes to lower Manhattan. 4 blocks to Port Authority. An older hotel but clean. Bed a bit low but comfortable enough. Small single room. I was next to the elevator but not very noisy.",4
5562, August 2017,Great Hotel!,"This hotel was fantastic. Right in the heart of the city, incredibly comfortable beds, very efficiently run..a pleasure to stay there. We would definitely pick this hotel again as it is very convenient to everything and very comfortable in every way!",5
5563, September 2017,New York vacation,"Good location in heart of Time Square. Easy access to hop on hop off buses, major sights, shopping, bars and restaurants and shows. Great service from Milton at Concierge. Bathroom was a bit tight but we would recommend the hotels would visit It again.",3
5564, August 2017,The price does not match with the hotel quality but the located is perfect,"The price does not match with the hotel quality but the located is perfect. When we got to the hotel was a long queue to do the check in. We spent a lot of time on that. Apart from that, we had to pay an extra of usd30 per day that was no clear on the reservation.",3
5565, August 2017,A great location but to expensive,"The location was great. But the rooms (standard rooms) were (I think really expensive) and therefore very small. we nearly had space to spread our things or to storage our luggage. The room was clean, but I personally do not like carpet (it seems not that clean) It is a huge hotel and I think the people who were working there were a little bit stressed",3
5566, August 2017,The Row NYC at Times Square - Great Location,The Row is great for its proximity to Times Sq and with easy access to public transport - both buses and Metro. Staff were excellent for us when we needed them bar one phone operator. We changed rooms after 1 night because the 1st one was TOO small. Avoid room 17 on any floor! It should be a single room in my opinion! But they gave us a really nice room without any fuss and we were very comfortable for the rest of our week. Can't comment on the food as we chose to eat out every meal - you're close to the northern end of 9th and 10th Avenues (Hells Kitchen) known for some great restaurants. We had a great holiday and enjoyed staying at the Row. Maybe the exchange rate made it a bit pricey but then again New York is probably the most expensive city in the world!!,4
5567, September 2017,Friendly staff,The staff we interacted with were very friendly and helpful. German Romero at the front desk was a standout. The suggested restaurants from the concierge turned out to be great. Only complaint was trying to reach the concierge in advance of our trip to ask questions. My call was never returned.,5
5568, August 2017,Vacations,"Unfortunately photos on the web site do not correspond to the reality. Dirty and small rooms... At the same time service is good, security rate also, location is perfect (2 minutes walk to times square)",3
5569, September 2017,Great Hotel... Amazing experience! I recommend!,We came to NY for a nice summer trip. Our stay was beyond our expectations. The location is amazing and the quality of the hotel in general is excellent. I would stay here again without any doubt. We got a room with an spectacular view. We really recommend.,4
5570, August 2017,Be careful with your credit card,"The hotel does not worth its price, though the problem is much more. They reduced 195.05$ from my account and they told me that this will be returned after I check out from the hotel. One month is passed from my check out and the money is not yet back. I call the hotel many times and leave massages for them, but they are not responding!!!!",1
5571, September 2017,"Great Hotel, Great Location","ROW NYC is located on 8th Ave at 45th, right in the middle of the Theater District and just off Times Square. Everything you need is located within easy walking distance, Port Authority trains & buses are just down the street, everything from a slice to fine dining is nearby. Rooms are always clean and nice, although some are bigger than others. You can always find great deals online!",5
5572, September 2017,Disappointing,We paid $15 extra for a upper floor room and were put only on the 7th floor with no view. We were also put in a room right by the elevators. Every time the elevators went by it sounded like a train. The bed was so uncomfortable. It was so lumpy. The bathroom shower was so small and it smelled like urine. The only good experience about this hotel was the staff. Very friendly and courteous. Except for the housekeeping that kept knocking every 1/2 hour in the morning.,3
5573, August 2017,ROW NYC--Always a great stay.,"This is our ""go to"" hotel in NYC. It is an excellent location to walk to all the theaters, subways and convenient eateries for a quick bite. It is a lot less hectic than being at Times Square (it's just around the corner). Depending on where your room faces, it can get noisy. But hey, you're in the heart of NYC so expect noise. I love the elevator system this hotel employs. Great value when the price is right.",4
5574, August 2017,Great experience,"I really enjoyed the experience of a young, dynamic hotel with an excellent location, not to mention the quick and friendly service from the staff. The lobby with its full screen of attractions is a special moment. Congratulations, I recommend.",5
5575, July 2017,Misleading advertising,"I requested the benefit of transfer from the hotel to the airport in the morning of my departure from the hotel, I was informed by the service provider that I should have requested the same 1 day before my departure. But this information was not on the benefit website and I had to pay for my transfer. No one in the hotel wanted to help me, including the manager who was at the front desk who was very ignorant. I want my refund for the transfer or I will sue the hotel for misleading advertising.",1
5576, December 2016,Time square,"Nice hotel, great location right in the middle of time square. Although small, the food and drinks at the bar were great. There is a small attached food court that has an amazing setup for breakfast and their donuts are definitely some of the best I've ever ate. The rooms are pretty small compared to most of the others I've stayed in in NY city but are comfortable and very clean. You definitely can't best the location!",4
5577, August 2017,Poor,"Small room, dirty, internet sometimes did not work, no fridge, no coffee in the room I called to ask if I could send 3 pacels, no one told me you would charge for it and you charged me US$ 257.00. I would never recomend a place like this.",2
5578, August 2017,Good place to stay,"Friendly, nice place to stay. Two things weren't. The room we've booked wasn't available, but we had the opportunity for an another ""better"" room (read marketing talk, didn't feel like a better room) but it was ok. We're there for the city, not the room. At departure we left our luggage for a half day in the hotel. The guy who collect the luggage in the morning was friendly and gave us the oppurtunity to tip him. In the afternoon we went back for our luggage. The guy in the afternoon, was really unfriendly. (Think it wasn't his day) he asked again for tip what was ok but the way he did. But in one sentence good, nice hotel! Everybody was very friendly (except the last guy). If you go for a nice stay to NY, to visit the city this hotel is a good place! We wil recommended to",4
5579, August 2017,Style over substance,"On first impressions The Row is a stylish hotel in a good location however moving away from the lobby the hotel falters. The rooms are dark and small which are run down with little facilities (no coffee machine for instance). The facilities fee is mandatory and includes calls, wifi and a 'collapsible 16oz water container' (a plastic cup). We felt like this was not made clear when booking and didn't find it value for money, I didn't even see a water dispenser! I would only recommend this hotel for a very short stay due to the location.",2
5580, August 2017,Row nyc,"Love this place - stay here every time I come to NY. Nothing fancy, just a nice well kept room - great price and value. Located in the heart of the theater district and close to all that Times Square has to offer.",5
5581, August 2017,Love this place,"All the Staff we have come in contact with have been super friendly, rooms clean and fresh, hotels has lots to offer, great central location , we have stayed here a number of times always with a great experience",5
5582, August 2017,Great price and location!,"This was our 2nd trip to Row NYC. We love to stay there when we are making a quick visit to see a Broadway show. It's location to the theatre district is unbeatable for the price. The rooms we had were a little dated/showed wear, but we did not care, as we only were in the room to sleep. Fast check in and fast elevators is a major bonus.",4
5583, September 2017,Location is not enough,"Doubtful hygiene, very dirty windows, poor internet, no minibar nor water in the room. Despite its great location, I would not recommend this hotel. It is a pity that well located hotels have often the belief that location is enough to satisfy. DEFINITELY NOT",1
5584, August 2017,I didn't like my stay,Abusive prices for pack storage. Each Day custs five dollars per pack and more eigth dollars. It's the first time that you charge the days before. How could we know for sure of the packs will arrive in the time of the stay? It's necessary a bigger delay. Employees with no patience. The room wasn't vacuum sweepered. The employees didn't have patience.,2
5585, August 2017,Too much money for what it is,"We had a problem with the bathtubs,e ven though they changed our room, it seems a general problem. Small bedrooms. Not showing the final price seems like a trap. The bed are awesome and the views are really good.",2
5586, August 2017,Stay at ROW,I booked the hotel thru CheapTickets.com and the room allocated for us was so small and was challenge to place the baggage. We reached out office staff immediately for the room change and was not a big help since rooms were sold out. Next morning we checked out and dropped the baggage in for storage and waited till 4pm to get another room. Overall experience It was very uncomfortable.,3
5587, August 2017,Average,Front desk officer did not inform us that our booking excludes breakfast. She did not even ask if we want to include breakfast. We stayed for 2 nights. Great location but super tiny room. Room rate is a little bit pricey.,3
5588, August 2017,The New York Experience!,A great way to experience a historical building with a beautiful modern renovation near the center of the cross-roads to the world (Times Square). My daughter loved the City Kitchen: it's like having 6 or 7 unique restaurants right in the hotel. We'll be back some day...,5
5589, August 2017,Very well located,"Very easy if you want to be In the heart Of the city. Beautiful Modern building, good services, beautiful room. Thérèse us a lot of tourists and the check-in and elevators are busy. Breakfast at the bar at a good price..",4
5590, August 2017,first time visit to nyc,lovely hotel central to everything you need.Times Square just around the corner. Book a room around the 17th floor where you will find the views are amazing. as we had to upgrade to this as our original room was very small and no view of anything except a wall well worth the extra.,4
5591, August 2017,Great hotel great location,"Loved this hotel. We booked direct with the hotel and were able to use the kiosk in the lobby to get our room key. Received an email prior to our arrival and just scanned the code. It saved us a lot of time. Looked like there was always a line for check-in. Also be sure to have your room key at night or you won't get on the elevator due to security. Don't think about storing your luggage - the line was extremely long when we checked out Saturday. Could be a real problem if you are catching a flight out. Loved the food court attached to the hotel too. The room and beds were very comfortable, bathroom and shower fine, although small but this is NYC so it was expected. We were on the 8th floor and we did hear street noise but turning on the room fan solved that. We would",5
5592, August 2017,NICE HOTEL,"Very nice rooms, excellent location, and many places to go to... Very clean, nice bathroom... A little bit noise at night but nothing to be worry about... The relation price quality is great... I will come back",5
5593, August 2017,NYC trip,Great place! Friendly and helpful staff...great location. Very helpful with check in. Good security. Only complaint was the bar closed earlier than the hours stated. Rooms were clean and nice. Will stay again and will recommend the place.,5
5594, August 2017,Nyc,"NYC was amazing we loved every second there. The hotel was great. We did have a few problems. Ie rude staff, loud neighbours everyday at 6am, and the Wi-Fi didn't work. You pay $30 a day extra for the Wi-Fi and a tow pass that gives you 10% off at city kitchen. Which not one place in the city kitchen honoured it.",4
5595, August 2017,ROW NYC : you get your dollars worth!!!,We had a most enjoyable stay at ROW NYC. The Hotel staff were very courteous throughout our stay and the hotel was centrally located. We will definitely stay at ROW NYC again. Rooms were spacious and well maintained.,5
5596, September 2017,Great location!,"People from the reception are very nice. I was helped by Douglas. The hotel is in a great location, right in Times Square. They also offer a good deal for parking, compared to the others in this location",5
5597, August 2017,"Ok place to stay. Good location, but you also get what you pay for. Not luxury.","While this hotel says it's a luxury property, I would not agree. It's hired and worn out looking. Every staff member we encountered seemed to barely be hanging on to the minimum effort. The front desk clerk did his job, while also saying he needed to go to the bathroom four times and talking to the girl next to him about ""last night"" while barely acknowledging our existence. Check in mostly worked ok, but I was not able to use the kiosks and had to wait in line. The little store in the back of the hotel looks like it's closed because of the glass on it. We thought it was closed for two days before we realized it just LOOKS closed. Elevators are efficiant enough once you figure them out. The room is tiny. I have never been to NYC before, but I am not a particularly huge",3
5598, September 2017,Shan tells the Best Hotel Associate,We arrived at Row our first night in NY and was greeted by this lovely hotel associate! She spoke clearly and was well informed of the hotels facilities and all the local spots for first timers! I wish all the hotel staff were like her! Thank her for me when you visit Row hotel in NYC,4
5599, August 2017,Awesome hotel,"My wife and I have been staying at this hotel (Milford Plaza, now ROW nyc) for about 20 years now and it is always our first choice. Staff (desk and housekeeping) are always pleasant and welcoming. Hotel is in the middle of everything and convenience to NYC highlights is great. We will continue to return to ROW nyc as we visit NYC several times a year.",5
5600, August 2017,"Great location, great vibe - expect additional charges","My daughter was starting US University so we flew into NYC and needed a base for a night before heading off to college. Row NYC looked fun and was absolutely perfectly placed for our adventure. This hotel is busy! It's like an airport departure lounge. Hey - that makes it fun as it has a great vibe to it - much like the great city it is based in. We were on the fourth floor. Room was very clean, reasonable size, well presented. Bathroom perfect too. Staff very friendly especially the porters who were the first people we met. There's a great brasserie / coffee shop attached to the hotel called 'The Kitchen'. Good food, great vibe and a nice view of 8th Avenue. You couldn't be that much closer to Times Square unless you occupy one of the huge neon lights that adorn the",4
5601, August 2017,Worst hotel in Manhattan,This stay was the worst. From the dirty socks in my bed to the night manager who openly made fun of me and my service animal to the lack of response from the GM when I emailed them. It was completely BS. I can't believe it.,1
5602, August 2017,"Very good, friendly staff, modern","General appearance and aura of hotel was very modern and appealing, room was very clean however quite small but considering amount of time spent in there it's okay. Very good bar/café and love how City Kitchen is connected.",4
5603, August 2017,Could be better!,"My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights while on holiday in NYC. We have previously stayed in the manhattan at Times Square but thought we would try somewhere else. The hotel is well situated on 8th avenue with lots of shops and places to eat nearby. There are many bus tour reps hanging around outside the hotel trying to sell tickets, this wore a bit thin towards the end of our trip. Although there was a bit of a queue to check in, it was smooth. There was a facilities fee of $163.30 which I luckily noticed in the small print before we arrived, although had I known in advance I wouldn't have booked. We were told we had an upgraded room on the 23rd floor. The Room was small. The Bed was small (smaller than my standard double at home in the uk). We were given only 3 pillows",3
5604, August 2017,Great location,"Really good size for a NYC room, clean, close to theaters, bars , restaurants. Check in was congested , but, it was Friday at 330. So, no foul. We will definitely stay here again. The bartender in the lobby bar poured ""country club"" drinks and told us about an app for discount show tickets. Parking was close and ""only"" $40 per night. I have no complaints.",5
5605, August 2017,Great Stay! Great Price! Great Location!,The ROW is AWESOME!!! They have great online deals and the rooms are very clean and spacious. The walk to Times Square is literally three min away! I would recommend ROW to anyone! This is my second time staying here and I would stay here over and over!,5
5606, August 2017,Expensive for what it offers,"The location is perfect, one block from Time Square, very close to the subway. Bad smells in the room and bathroom, cleaning in genaral is not good. It is a very large hotel, would need more staff. Must improve.",3
5607, August 2017,"Very old, dingy smelly and claustrophobic, elevators are a joke and linens smell old and musty. Not a 4 star hotel not a",Very old gitel neess a cleaning and some serious elevator work rooms smelled of old cigars including the linens and towels not a 4 star hotel nkt a 4 star hotel at all.. ....... Still not a good hotel stinks,1
5608, August 2017,Better service and experience,Reduce the extra unnecessary charges and instruct staff not to demand for tips each time they speak or help a guest. I must state that the front office staff were excellent. Good location close to many places of interest at NY.,3
5609, August 2017,Hidden charges,"Beware of the misleading information that implies a continental breakfast is included and also the 'service charge' again whilst in the additional information section it does not state anywhere this is a DAILY fee on top of all the other little service /tax and actual room rate ! Please note, there is a USD 29.94 facility fee that includes: - Unlimited Local, Long Distance and International calls - WiFi, unlimited devices - Internet access and printing services in the hotel's iMac Lounge - Eco-friendly, collapsible 16oz. water bottle to use at hotel’s water filtration stations - 24 hour access to the hotel's fitness facility, located on the 3rd floor",2
5610, August 2017,Find another option.,"There are too many negatives. Room is way smaller than it looks in the photos. There are a lot of hidden charges. Wifi was spotty at best but did meet my needs. The elevators are a good design (enter your floor # and it tells you what one to take) but small so not many people fit. Concierge staff was rude and had no idea how to answer us. There's also a sales staff for another property that pounces on you for your ""free gift for your stay"" if you sit through their 90 minute presentation, and when you decline they are rude as well. Stayed at the Millennuim last year right off Times Square, was a much better stay.",2
5611, August 2017,Row NYC hotel,Couldn't wish for a better place to stay. It was our 3rd time staying at the NYC Row. I'm sure we will stay again. Staff so helpful. Very good location. All you could wish for to make your holiday special. I thank the staff for making our holiday special,5
5612, August 2017,Terrible booking process and noisy room,The booking process did not include the total price as the taxes and mandatory charges for services not asked neither used were not included even though the message I've got was total price is xxx eur. To make matters worst the room given had a terrible and unbearable noisy coming from outside air conditioning system. They moved to other room after one day but the new room was also too noisy. Windows were very dirty although in overall the room was clean.,1
5613, August 2017,It was ok,"The location was great,the room was kind of small the staff on check in she was ok then after my four day stay the staff didn't interact with the guest.and got charge for Wi-Fi gym that I didn't use..",3
5614, August 2017,Rather a mistake,"I mean is this really a 4-star hotel ? Expensive for what it is Weird smell in the elevators Tiny room and bathroom, not even sure this was the one I did pay for (last minute change) Other than that, my room looked clean and the hotel is well located.",2
5615, August 2017,Nice for the time I was there,I traveled to New York for a concert and needed a hotel just for the night and I saw that the Row was right in Times Square and close to the venue so I booked it and we had a great time! The elevators were a bit confusing lol but the shops were cute and the room was clean and very modern,4
5616, August 2017,Row NYC,No additional info. I should not have to be forced to put information in this field if I don't have anything extra to say. This is a technical issue that need to be fixed. This is why I don't like surveys.,5
5617, August 2017,Quick New York City Stay,"This hotel had received some unpleasant reviews so I was a little apprehensive. I did find the check in process daunting, but other than that for a quick stay in NYC you can't beat the price and cleanliness.",3
5618, August 2017,Love this hotel. Just wish the bathroom was cleaner.,I have stayed in this hotel many times over the years. It is definitely our go to hotel! The donuts are our favorite treat to eat. Usually I have no complaints. This time the bathroom ceiling had black mold on it and stringy black hanging things coming down.,4
5619, August 2017,Great location,"Cute, old hotel trying to hard to be a 4 star hotel. The mildewy, old lady house smell in the guest rooms is not good, but under the guise of being a sophisticated hotel it's really bad. The location can't be beat and we had no bugs.",3
5620, August 2017,"Great location, nice hotel and reasonably priced","I took my niece to NYC to celebrate her graduation and 18th birthday. I got a great deal at ROW NYC on Trip Advisor - price for 2 nights at ROW was reasonable considering the extremely convenient location. We were only a short walk from Times Square. I also purchased the City Sightseeing tour package and the bus picks you up right down the street from ROW - super convenient. Check-in didn't take long (I did not use online check-in). Check-out was super easy as I used online check-out. Staff was friendly, especially the gentleman who stored our bags - he was friendly, and funny. The complimentary bag storage at the hotel for guests who check out, but still want to have fun in NYC - great service! Security by the elevator at certain times of day (show your keys to access",5
5621, August 2017,Staff attitude,"We had a good experience with the hotel in general. We did not like the treatment received by the hotel staff at the reception. The room service was good, a little small, from my point of view. The hotel location is very good.",3
5622, August 2017,Row NYC - A Honest Opinion,"While I enjoyed the good location in the theatre district, I was underwhelmed by cleanliness of the property. The room had mold on the walls in the bathroom, which was not maintained well. Hair on the floors, soap scum in the shower, and a general lack of attention to detail made this undesirable. While we weren't in our room but to sleep for the evening, these things should be addressed for future clients of the property. The service was friendly and the lobby area well maintained.",2
5623, August 2017,A nice stay,"I love the location of the hotel, it is right in the middle of the city, brodway,the theater district, I enjoyed my stay. I will make recommendations to my friends and coworkers about the row hotel,I will gladly be coming back soon.thak you very much.",4
5624, August 2017,Great Location let down by what should be basics,"situated on 8th avenue between 44th and 45th, a block away to times square on 7th avenue and just a 10 block walk from Penn Station made this hotel absolutely brilliant in terms of location - made the journey in from Newark easy and cheap (no taxi to the hotel, a brief 15 min walk) and with TSQ just a block away you have access to all the tubes to get up and down Manhattan with ease, so I have no complaints here... now where my issue with this hotel lies was that after the 7 hour flight, 2 hour queue through customs, 40 min train journey and then a 15 min walk to the hotel, I then had to stand for 45 mins in a queue to check in. Fair enough you may think, they must have been busy? well no, there were only 2 people in front of me. The issue was 2 people on the desk who just had",2
5625, August 2017,Convenient and cheap,"Nice hotel conveniently located for those interested in attending a broadway show. Accommodations are a bit small though. Rooms are tiny and no room to do anything in bathroom except walk in & out. Also, our bathroom door was a sliding wooden door painted orange, no lock. Doable but very cheap looking.",4
5626, August 2017,dissatisfied,"Bad experience, some of the front desk staff very rude, the room floors need some major cleaning. my family and I could not believe this was a hotel in the middle of time square. I will not stay at this hotel again.",1
5627, August 2017,Such an amazing hotel,"This hotel had such a great busy atmosphere with out making it an uncomfortable place to sleep, I would 100% recommend to anyone looking for a hotel as we got it at such a reasonable price that came with a perfect central location",5
5628, August 2017,Pretty hotel,Very cute hotel right up the block from Times Square . Friendly staff & quick check in process . The room was clean & nice with a beautiful view. Bathroom was nice with a relaxing shower also .I'd definitely stay here again .,4
5629, August 2017,Super cool,Staff was verry friendly and accodomate. The room was verry clean. I love that we have a lots of choice of restarant in the hotel and near the hotel. I was feel secur in and around the hotel. I will return with out hesitation.,4
5630, August 2017,"Nice onsite amenities, helpful staff, comfortable room!","I rarely leave reviews but felt compelled to after reading so many negative reviews for this property. I just returned from a 6-night stay at Row NYC. Junior at the front desk was kind enough to move me to a larger room and higher floor upon check in since I was staying for so long. Such a nice gesture! I've stayed in many hotels in Manhattan and found this room to be incredibly comfortable, spacious, and even had nice natural light! The keypad elevator system meant that I never had to wait more than 20 seconds for an elevator, and finally, I loved that there was a cycling studio, coffee shop, and a food hall inside the hotel. When traveling alone for work those kinds of amenities are truly appreciated! I enjoyed my stay and found all of the staff I interacted with to be so",4
5631, August 2017,Awful Mess of Place,"People in the way all over lobby. Front desk horrific. Staff slow and unresponsive. There are a million other hotels in the area stay away from this one. Close this place down. Common areas dark, hallways dingy,",2
5632, August 2017,Coud do better,"Tiny room, poorly appointed. Noisy air con and when asked to move was told couldn't do it because it was after midday. Its probably better than the 2 star rating Ive given it but I wouldn't stay again. I think some of the previous reviews may be a little unfair - there are tons of staff, the food was good and housekeeping did a good job. It was just noisy, small, dark and the recent refit has been done totally on the cheap. It also depends when you catch them - its a very busy 29 storey hotel - its always busy. We had none of the 1 hour waits for check in previous reviewers suffered. And our room did look like the photos - another common fault.",2
5633, August 2017,Great place to stay. Perfect location for theatre district!,"Enjoyed our stay immensely. The bed was a bit too soft for my taste, but otherwise it was a stellar experience. Good WiFi, comfortable, spacious room. We will definitely be staying here again in the future!",5
5634, August 2017,Great Hotel not so great bed,I love this hotel and have stayed here several times in the past. everyone is helpful and friendly. This time I slept on the most uncomfortable bed. My side it felt like had no springs and sunk down 6 inches. Felt like I was sleeping in a hole and woke up with a stiff neck. We also tried the bar downstairs for the first and last time. The choice of alcohol at the bar was sparse and the drinks were weak and glasses only partially filled. The bed and horrible drinks is why this hotel does not get 5 stars.,4
5635, August 2017,23rd Birthday,"Great hotel, would definitely recommend. Good quality fore your money. Although I didn't receive a room upgrade due to unavailability the pricing was more than reasonable for the location, cleanliness, service and comfort.",5
5636, August 2017,Fun in nyc,"Fine hotel in the thick of things. Check-in was a little slow . Nice to have so many food choices in the hotel. Close to theaters, the empire state building, times square, easy to find, all was great.",4
5637, August 2017,Great spot for family Vacation,Nice and close to Times Square and Central Park. Great if you want to see a show on broadway or do some shopping at Macy's. great staff and service. Checking in and grabbing our room key was super easy. I only wish the rooms were a little quieter.,4
5638, August 2017,OK stay,"Location was the best part of our stay. Bed was OK, the pillows were almost non existent being so soft. The price paid for internet service in the daily rate very high when I had to use phone data plan to do minor things most of the time.",3
5639, August 2017,"Great location, nice hotel",Nice location and a beautiful room! I only had one issue with the water in my bathroom and the general manager quickly resolve the problem. I would stay here again it's in the Theater District and very close to everything New York City has to offer,5
5640, August 2017,"Best location, great price, lovely room","Four of us reserved two rooms, outstanding value for lovely, clean rooms (#948 and 949). Surprisingly comfortable for small rooms. Excellent location, which made tourism so easy. The special $174 rate brought us in, and we will definitely return. Continental breakfast included.",5
5641, August 2017,Great location and Clean,"Hotel was great! Only reason I didn't sleep great was our room was directly across from elevator so we heard whenever someone got off if they were loud, but the bed was very comfortable. Great location, close to the theatres and Times Square. Would stay here again and recommend.",4
5642, August 2017,BAD,Not recommamded at all.. one of my worst experinces in NYC .. the staff were not helpful ever .. even the manager in the Hotel on the 24th Aug 2017 was rude.. he said bye and find another hotel in nyc,1
5643, August 2017,Row NYC 20-26 of August 2017,We had a really lovely man who checked us in called Douglas and was very helpful and gave us an upgrade to a higher floor and a bigger room so that was great but the hotel itself not overly clean and our room and bathroom didn't get cleaned during our whole 6 night stay. We were given new towels each day though.,3
5644, August 2017,great hotel,"i relly enjoyed my visit here- the staff are friendly and relaxed, the location is very good. the hotel has good amenities such as a kitchen style restaurant where you can get breakfast and a fun sugarfactory store downstairs, I also got my hair blown out in the hotel salon so i was ready to hit the city in style!",5
5645, August 2017,Bed bugs,"Bed bugs and noisy air conditioning. I never imagined that, because the room appeared to be clean. Sliding bathroom door does not seal any noise and drain from the clogged bathtub.We were literally eaten by the bed bugs!",4
5646, August 2017,US Open week,"Great place for the price. Location is convenient to most of what a tourist might want to experience. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Check in was simple due to technology and using a scanner to create room keys. Lobby is energetic with people coming and going and going and coming. Bathroom is tight, low water pressure in the shower and no washcloths provided. Nice views from the 21st floor.",3
5647, August 2017,Used to be better.....,"I have stayed in this hotel many times over the years - before, during and after renovations and this time I was _very_ disappointed. It was very noisy - from the elevators and from the hotels' ventilation system located right out side the window. If you are traveling on a budget the up-grade fee hits the wallet.",3
5648, August 2017,I love the Row NYC,My rooms are always nice and clean. The bar is very sexy and my fav spot in the hotel... maybe because I live there. I mean the bartenders and the drinks are fun. The hotel employees are warm and welcoming and location is everything!!! -Conda,5
5649, August 2017,ROW NYC,Perfect location for attending Broadway shows. Easy check in and check out procedures. Was able to get into my room before the actual check in time which proved to be very helpful. I have stayed several times in the last year and will continue to use.,5
5650, August 2017,"Hotel was nice, check in/out needs to be improved","Our stay was comfortable. Beds were amazing. Check in and out was a nightmare. Room wasn't ready, and they tried to charge us the same amount when we willingly downgraded our room to accommodate their mistake.",3
5651, August 2017,Not a 4 star hotel,"Staff were welcoming to us at check in however we witnessed another member of staff being rather rude to another customer who was checking out. We bought theatre tickets from the concierge. She was polite and helpful but she told us that she booked the tickets direct with the box office. She did not mention the $50 per ticket fee we would be charged for booking through her so we were very surprised when we picked the tickets up from the box office that they should have only cost us $99 each not $150 each. So we were charged $100 for her making a phone call when we could have walked across the road to the box office and booked them ourselves if we had known. Also,when we checked out we were charged an extra $90 facilities fee which we knew nothing about. When we quieried it the",1
5652, August 2017,Blood Stains on bedding,Talk about a biohazard. I fond bloodstains on the bed. The sheets were obviously washed but the stains were big and still there. They staff changed the sheets and offered me breakfast....FOR SLEEPING IN BLOOD!!!!!! I spoke to management about it and left feeling secure that something would be fixed but I haven't been contacted yet and am still waiting.,1
5653, August 2017,"Excellent hotel, great location, convenient rate","My recommendation is to book directly with the hotel to obtain better rates and cancellation policies. The rooms are comfortables, the check in despite de amount of guests is quite fast and the hotel is safe at all times. The best location and renovated rooms with all the facilities located in the lobby. You are able to call internationally from your room without any extra charge! Som staff still needs to improve its friendliness but is a pending topic for Manhattan. The best choice, no regrets at all!",5
5654, May 2017,Initial Room Mix Up But Staff Very Helpful,I visited New York for a work trip and had a few spare days to myself which I needed to pay for out of my own pocket. I chose The Row as it was one of the cheapest hotels I could find which still looked nice and was in a very good location. I had booked a deluxe city view room as I was staying for 6 days and thought I could have benefited from a little extra space. Upon arrival I was allocated the smallest hotel room I have ever been in to the point where I couldn't wheel my suitcase between the bed and desk as the gap was too small. If I had booked the cheapest room rate I would have stayed there however I did not feel this represented the images of the rooms I had seen on their site so I went down to reception to ask for a bigger room. The receptionist spent a few minutes,4
5655, August 2017,"Clean, friendly, and great location.","Manager was super supportive, room was clean as usual, and very convenient location. I have stayed at the ROW NYC many, many, many times during my solo trips to NYC because it is either a comfortable walk or easy taxi ride to most of my fun events.",4
5656, August 2017,Long check in - check out,"That's probably my main concern !!! really long check in and check out especially if you just want to check if your room are available in advance and also the fact that hotel is super crowdy, but location is the best to visite NY and Time Square. Parking is also close, but expensive like everywhere in NY",3
5657, August 2017,Hotel Row,"Nice location of the hotel, just near to the subway and next to Times Square. Small rooms but cleanliness is ok. A little bit noisy due to the central location. Pay attention to the rooms located near the air conditioned engine! Service is good but there is always a lot of people and it happens you have to wait a lot at check in desk.",3
5658, August 2017,Location is perfect,"The location is perfect. The rooms are clean. The hotel condition is ok..but nothing changed since I visited it 3 years ago. It can be noisy if your neighbours like slamming doors. We had to stay in another room for the first night because we did not get the room which we reserved (city-view), and this was not the first occasion.",3
5659, August 2017,Nice Place but interent was slow.,Did not call anyone about the internet didn't want to take the time and the energy. Other than that the hotel is very clean and is located in a perfect position. Within walking distance to Time Square and 42nd street.,5
5660, August 2017,"Overpriced, lacked ammeneties","Charged a $30 facilities fee. This was unexpected. Not like this is some fantastic Vegas resort with a nice pool to justify this fee, just a tacky add on when I got my bill. I went back to check to see if I missed it in the reservation and I must have. I wasn't able to get onto the internet. After calling the front desk, no one answered. I had to email the desk through the automated email I received for my fast check in. Paying $200+ a night after fees and taxes felt overpriced for a two-tiny-twin bed closet with a tiny bathroon. The cafe/ bar closed earlier than advertised. The positives: I was able to check in at 2PM (via email). The elevators had security there at night checking room keys to keep out the riffraff.",2
5661, August 2017,Too little room and unfriendly service,"The hotel is in the very heart of NY but the rooms are terribly little and the air conditioning made an annoying noise that didn't let me sleep. The room was clean but little ,as I said and we were given a double even if we asked for a twin room, so it was not comfortable at all. The service fees we had to pay at the end of the stay were very high. When we did the check in we were asked the data of our credit card for security deposit and the money for these so called service fees was taken from the card without anyone even telling us about it, we found the receipt in the room the last day. Overall I wouldn't recommend this hotel, it is absolutely not worthy the price.",1
5662, August 2017,Excellent hotel and location,We stayed at the Row NYC because it was very close to Times Square and we figured we'd try a different hotel from our usual. Was not disappointed and the Row will definitely be the hotel choice for our next stay. Staff was courteous and friendly. The gentleman who checked us in went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed out stay. Will recommend to any of my friends or family that visit NYC. They rock,5
5663, August 2017,Comfort and Convenience,"This hotel is conveniently located to the theater district and Time Square. Clean, safe, and reasonably priced it has a great food court annexed to it with foodie-level options! We stay here every time we visit NYC and recommend it highly.",5
5664, July 2017,excellent place for a good price,"I saw that this hotel had some bad reviews and wanted to add my positive experience here. For starters you cannot get a decent room in NYC for less then $175 and this room was way less than that. It was clean, even very clean....and the vibe was fun. There were alot of people hanging around downstairs in the lobby but that was enjoyable. literally 4 or 5 blocks from Port of Authority and in a great neighborhood....Restaurant row with hundreds of fun places to eat. some one was complaining about a security guard asking them for their room key to get into the elevators ?? Really? Thank you mr. security guard for that extra level of protection. I didn't give 5 stars because they do charge a facility fee- which is just another tax on your room in addition to the $35 you already",4
5665, August 2017,Small & Dirty Rooms,Extremely small room and washroom. Travellers switches were not available instead i was told to buy from convenient store for $10. Bedsheets were dirty with ladies hair and coffee beans spilt over it.,2
5666, August 2017,"Great location, Great spot!","We have been to NYC several times & have stayed at numerous hotels around Times Square. This was one of our best stays for many reasons. The location was perfect just a block off of Times Square. Attached, is a wonderful City Market, where you can grab a quick breakfast on your way out the doors. The rooms were European style--small, but quaint. Clean, and very cute. The 'goodnight' wording on our shade was a nice touch, when pulled down for the night. On our floor, was a filtered water dispenser, allowing us to have cold, fresh water whenever we wanted. The staff was courteous, and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to stay in the heart of the Theatre District.",5
5667, August 2017,BEST HOTEL EVER,"Loved the Row Hotel, it is in the best location! Right in Time square!! The staff is the best and will do everything they can to accommodate your needs. Please ask for Zac at the front desk- He is amazing and will do everything he can to help and guide you. We loved our stay at the Row Hotel, we recommend everyone to stay there in the standard suite. Bonus- they have a big restaurant connected to the hotel, perfect for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Thanks again Zac and the concierge for all of your help!!",5
5668, August 2017,not deserving of its 4 star rating!,i stayed for a week at this hotel. I have to say the location was great. the staff on the front desk were pretty rude.very noisy and busy the lift system was strange in that you had to wait for a one going to your floor and if it was busy you could be waiting quite a while! the hotel was pretty dirty maybe they should pay as much attention to cleaning the rest of the hotel as they do the lobby! old fries bits of tissue and rubbish were constantly found on the floor of the lifts every single day. the room was very worn the bath had strange marks and there was something that looked maybe like nail varnish staining the floor. there were chips and dust on basically everything. the resort fee they charge is a joke all you get if free wifi which most hotels give you anyway and some,2
5669, August 2017,AMAZING TREAT OF MY FRONT DESK ASSOCIATES GERMAN ROMERO AND YANELLY,"I stayed in New York a couple days and the Staff associates German Romero and Yanelly helped me so well in order to picked a very good room in the Hotel. I am super surprised that even it is a big hotel, the staff specially these two people really take care of each of the customers that they helped. Hope I could come back to the hotel. I had a such a wonderful time!!!",5
5670, August 2017,Poor customer service,"We stayed at the ROW in August 2017 and the service was terrible. Upon getting to our room we had blood smeared on the outside of the bathroom door! Tried calling the front desk multiple times but nobody answered, I then went downstairs to wait in a long line to actually speak to someone who said they told their manager and things would be corrected. All that happened after was someone came to clean it as well as several spots on both sides of the door. I tried to follow up the next morning with no avail. Location is perfect for out of town folks but that is all.",2
5671, August 2017,Row NYC,"Everything was perfect, thanks to sac who works there. We got everything we needed last. Great service, fast and accurate. I recommend putting water bottles in each room. Perhaps open contract with Fiji water for supplies. Also ice needs to be refilled always",5
5672, August 2017,I would have liked more of a three star hotel a few blocks further from Times Square.,Spend more time cleaning the rooms even if there are many guests checking in and out. My room was with two double beds. The room was very small and lacking in practical cupboards or drawers to store luggage.,3
5673, August 2017,Home in New York,"When I go to New York, I go for culture -- theatre, art galleries. I want a hotel that's close to theatres, and close to the subway. For years I have chosen the Row Hotel. It's recently undergone a major facelift. The rooms are not enormous but they work for me or for me and a travelling companion. It's ideally located on 8th Avenue between 44 and 45. Shake Shake is across the street, there are dozens of good restaurants nearby, including Restaurant Row on 46 between 8th and 9th. The staff is always friendly and often I am given an upgrade without even requesting one.",5
5674, August 2017,Lovely Visit,"Really nice hotel. Very close to the big screens on Times Square - 10 minute walk from Central Park. All round great location. The hotel has a great vibe and is decorated perfectly - very fancy reception area. However our bedroom was very small, which could be a problem for some people but not for us!! Lovely and cosy!! Thank you for a wonderful experience! Would recommend!",4
5675, August 2017,Rude front desk employees,"Row hotel, NY is very close to Times Square. Next time I woulldn't stay in this area. Very noisy, dirty but if someone wants to see a show this is a good location. The rooms are tiny but clean. The front desk employees are extremely ruse.",2
5676, August 2017,Room Accuracy,We booked 2 x deluxe city views rooms but upon arrival we were given standard rooms. I room with a very tiny window and the other room handicap with a huge loud fan by the window. We could not sleep at all. We were not aware of this until checkout and one of the lovely ladies at checkout desk apologized for the mix up but hey i can never reverse the experience. Thanks RowNYC,1
5677, August 2017,Super location,Very nice hotel on a super perfect location. Close to most locations. Great with valet parking possibility. Had a high floor room with a very nice view of the city and river. Would for sure select again on our next visit in NYC.,4
5678, August 2017,Very good value....Great location,"Whenever we're in NYC we try to stay at the Row Hotel. The location (8th ave @ 45th st ) can't be beat...just around the corner from theaters, Restaurant Row, and other eating establishments. it's not the newest of hotels, and many of the rooms are small, but the value can't be beat. We especially like a newer feature there...the ability to check in at scanning machines, as opposed to waiting in long lines to check in ( the hotel is quite large and the lobby is always filled with guests coming and going...and waiting in line ).",4
5679, August 2017,Decent location. Hidden chargesn,"Ideal for touring uptown or downtown on the bus or underground. Rooms were reasonable size but the AC was very noisy, needed earplugs, but efficient. Biggest disappointment was the extra $30 per night amenities charge they hit you with on arrival. Food in the hotel was good. Very close to bus station, Broadway, times square and Rudys bar on 9th Ave. Cheapest drinks in town.",3
5680, August 2017,Third Time Wasn't A Total Charm,"Overall, my stay at The Row was decent. There were a few issues that lowered my rating for this recent stay. Housekeeping didn't have an available supply of washcloths. The room rug was somewhat damp and emitted a mildew odor. Surprisingly, the gym did not have sanitizer/wipes available to clean equipment before/after use.",3
5681, August 2017,A place where no one cares about you,Rooms too small for price. No food included. My door didn't shut properly and no one cared so had to barricade door with suitcases. Never an answer at reception/concierge. I do however like the lift idea.,2
5682, August 2017,Row NYC,"Awesome location, but until customer service is improved, look elsewhere. I visit a few other hotels nearby to prepare for next stay. Many other better options available. Not value for money. Happy to answer any queries.",2
5683, August 2017,Problem management is terrible,"The hotel was OK, nothing special except the location and security. After 6:00, they make everyone show a room key to get on an elevator. And they REALLY make it happen. That made us feel much safer. We were on the 14th floor and there wasn't an excessive amount of noise from outside. Elevators are kind of different but it makes it where you don't have to wait too long for one. However, We did have a problem at the hotel and struggled to track down anyone who could help. After arriving back home, I had an additional problem with billing and again had trouble contacting either the billing department or management.",3
5684, August 2017,Claubush,"Improve based on what you do advertise on your website. It's not fair to show on the net what is not available in reality. I was so disappointed with this hote: Poor staff Poor service A lot of noise Poor Concierge Poor Bell Captain I was carrying 2 23Kg luggages and one cabin luggage, no one out there to help me. What a shame for a 4 Star Hotel???",1
5685, August 2017,Not as advertised,"We visited on 13.08.17 for a 5 night stay. The lobby is great smelling and looks very plush, to me that's where the luxury ended. We had booked a standard room, and were delighted on check-in that we were upgraded. I can only say I'm glad we were as I can only imagine that the standard room must be a skip with a tarpaulin pulled over. The room smelled old and dirty, and the bathroom Smelled of stale urine, with marks down the wall which I had to clean with a baby wipe. In front of the toilet was a white wooden cover making it difficult to sit on the loo. The cover was filthy and all the dust swept into the gap between the wall and this. The plug in the bath was broken and cracked, and again filthy. Our room had a damp patch with flaking plaster and the bathroom door",1
5686, August 2017,NY Verão 2017,"A great stay with excellant concierge service! For Brazilians who want up-to-the-minute tips on tours, exclusive drivers, restaurants and shopping can look for Junior - he has been resident for many years and knows everything that happens in the Big Apple! On the last day I got a latte decorated by the barista Beto! Uma excelente estadia com serviço de concierge de excelência! Para os brasileiros que querem dicas atualizadíssimas de passeios, motoristas exclusivos, restaurantes e compras podem procurar o Junior - ele é residente há muitos anos e sabe tudo o que acontece na Big Apple! No último dia ganhei um latte decorado do barista Beto!",5
5687, August 2017,Perfect spot of the NYC newbie,I Brought my 16 daughter and 2 of her friends..the hotel was cheap enough to get 2 rooms. The area of the hotel was perfect for what they wanted to see. The beds were super comfortable and the view was great,5
5688, August 2017,The Best Hotel in NYC !!!,"If you need to stay in NYC for any reason, do yourself a favor, and stay at the ROW NYC ~The location is great, friendly and accommodating staff, clean rooms, and District M lounge in the lobby make for a wonderful stay !!!",5
5689, August 2017,Hidden fees,Beware of hidden fees i stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and i had payed in full before hand. I went to check out and i was charged a 60$ convienve fee without being notified. Very disspointed by this other then that hotel room was small but ok.,1
5690, August 2017,The Row NYC,"Overall great - location, decor etc. Could be a little cleaner around the edges, but no big complaint. Perfect central location. Bar staff very friendly. Worked well for my business trip. Only complaint is they put items on my bill from the bar that were suppossed to be complimentary, but they removed no question.",4
5691, August 2017,Noisey,Hotel was very clean and central to the Broadway district. Staff were mostly friendly and helpful. I didn't realise when I checked in that I had been given a room that is used also as a family suit so it had an adjoining door to the room next door. This meant I head every conversation especially the 1:40 am one to their overseas realities!! I was on the ninth floor but could still hear road noise and people below. If planning on staying here you need to weight price versus noise versus location and specify that you don't want a room with an adjoining room.,3
5692, August 2017,Air didn't work,Check in was GREAT! My stay was horrible. The air didn't work & I felt like I stayed in a suana. By the time they had someone come check the air it was near check out so it was no need to have the room switched,1
5693, July 2017,very good,"Very good location, great accommodation, very good hotel services, the hotel provides us with a good service in general, from the reception to room service.Rapides in the solution of proplemas and doubts, staff to help ...",4
5694, August 2017,nyc,"The rooms were a little small but very convenient to everything, would stay here again and recommend it to others. Other than street noise, the hotel was very quiet. The staff was very helpful, check out was quick and easy and liked that we could keep our luggage there while shopping after check out.",4
5695, August 2017,Good value and Location,Stayed for 3 nights and was happy with the cleanliness of the building. The resort fee for internet and gym facilities was not necessary since I did not use either. Staff was friendly and easy to get to Broadway shows and Pier 83.,4
5696, August 2017,Not a 4-Star,"The location is perfect and room is safe and quiet. Expected to have fridge and coffeemaker, but didn't have. TV channels were poor, boring. Quick check in and check out. Extra $30 per night for room WiFi and using computer at lobby doesn't make any sense.",3
5697, August 2017,Very dirty place,"The hallways look like they have not been looks like the halls have not been vacuumed in months. We asked for a Cityview and paid for it never got a Cityview but a wall, waited 20 minutes just to talk to someone about getting my car, understaffed big-time! Not coming back",1
5698, August 2017,"Extra automatic charges, not told until check out","Warning if you are booking from a third party website such as Expedia. There are extra fees you probably won't notice before you book. You are charged $32 a night extra as access to wifi, a safe in the room, and concierge etc. These are things that should naturally be included in a hotel price, not charged extra. Can't believe I paid $32 a night just for wifi. Staff was rude when we asked why we received a bill for $100 before check out simply titled ""facility fee"". NOT WORTH THE PRICE when you have to pay that much extra.",2
5699, August 2017,Bad bad experience,"We spent over $1500 on our room and even upgraded, when we got into our room it stunk. I ended up finding old food in the drawer. It was so gross. Also the windows where filthy so when it came time to take pictures of the city I could see all the had prints. There was some sort of syrup on the desk and got my purse all sticky. I just want my money back from this company!!!!",1
5700, April 2017,"DISGUSTING hotel, HORRIBLE STAFF, save your money and health!","We stayed at this hotel during our first time in New York, and we travel a lot so we are not squeamish by no means, but to unprofessionalism and horrible conditions of this hotel blew us away! We arrived late in the night hoping to go directly to out room.The staff lied to us upon arrival saying that we are being upgraded while the lady admitted in front of me on the phone that they forgot to prepare our room. We went to our room and it was FILTHY (see photos) stains on the pillows, floor, bathroom had HAIRS all over it, was not clean. When we asked them to vacuum and clean it again, they said they send someone up, and when we went to our room after that, everything was still there. SAVE MONEY and Headaches, go somewhere else! AVOID at all cost!",1
5701, August 2017,Broadway show,"while the location to Broadway was great the stay at the hotel was not. When spending the kind of money we did for the hotel it was not worth it. The rooms were too small for our group of 6 to be able to hang out in. After watching a Broadway play and purchasing a round of drinks at the hotel lobby- around 11::00ish we were told we could not sit and hang out in the chairs near the bar. The supervisor told us the entire area needed to be cordoned off since the bar was closing- again, around 11:00 and we could either go find another bar or cafe to hang out in. As a paying customer i didn't appreciate that there is no place to simply relax at the hotel. I'm not sure why just the bar couldn't be cordoned off instead of the entire sitting area. The supervisor was quite rude in his",2
5702, August 2017,I'd not come back,"I didn't feel comfortable. Too much people, too much noise and the cleanliness was lower than expected for a hotel of this category price. When I stay in a hotel I'm looking for a warm place and it isn't.",3
5703, August 2017,Holiday,"I was very disappointed in this hotel. The room was so small you could hardly walk around the bed. There was no where to put your lugguge. No where to hang your towels no fridge, no tea, coffee making facilities and very noisy. We didnt sleep for 2 days. It waa in a great location abd the staff were friendly but for the money you pay. Not expressed",3
5704, August 2017,Once a great value--not so much now,"Good location, but very basic accommodation. Service is sometimes spotty. Expect a long wait at check-in. If there's a problem, you may have to complain more than once to get it resolved. My most recent trip was for business, and my room was missing the ironing board. The front desk told me someone would bring one up, but they never did. I had to go to a work meeting wrinkled as a result.",2
5705, August 2017,"worst hotel ever , not clean , me and my kids got bitting by bed bug",this was our first time to visit NYC and because of this hotel our visit turn into nightmare which continue till now due to the horrible condition and bed bug at this hotel. I am demanding a full refund for my money .,1
5706, July 2017,Solid Mediocre,"I'm hesitant to say anything negative as all of our issues were resolved ultimately. The wifi was spotty and something very important was thrown out during a normal cleaning of our room. The checkin was also long. The room itself, although small, was a good value, clean, and modern.",3
5707, August 2017,great value for the location,"Room was clean, service was spot on, and the location is perfect for the price. We went for Hamilton which was basically right around the corner. Great restaurants nearby. And Icon Parking is directly in the rear of the hotel.",5
5708, August 2017,Row NYC review,Hotel was conveniently located in the middle of NYC and has a great restaurant. Close to Broadway and theatre district. Tends to be crowded but that's to be expected given the location. Parking close by with a reasonable rate.,4
5709, August 2017,Special vacation,"Excellent hotel. All was good and we had nothing ever to complain about. Would use again and recommend. Good location, clean what else could you want. Room was ready on arrival, all facilities we needed were in the room for us.",5
5710, August 2017,The good and the bad,"The good: great location, attractive lobby, clean room, good food available. The bad: incredibly rude baggage handler, uninformed desk staff, small room, $30 mandatory ""facilities fee"" on top of rather expensive room price. Price quoted is deceptive!",2
5711, August 2017,Location is key!,Overall good stay with very friendly Jared at the Concierge desk + dedicated Yanelly & Reina at the front office despite the work load they have. Perfect location which was key in our decision to select that property. Air conditioning is too noisy for me but got used to it after a few hours.,4
5712, August 2017,Great hotel and staff,"This hotel is great! We were welcomed by the friendly staff. Douglas is the best!! He helped us all the way throught the hotel and the city, with excepcional attention that made our stay unforgettable. Definitly, the best person to help any guest of this hotel!!!",5
5713, August 2017,"Stay was good, but congested",Stay was good enough with access to almost all the attractions in Midtown. The place was very congested in the room. Didn't feel like it was worth the buck. There was hardly room to move around in the room.,4
5714, August 2017,Worth a stay - ask for Junior,"Hotel in great location. Junior at the front desk was very helpful. The halls are a bit dark and you may have to help the new guests figure out the elevators, but this was a nice place. Hard to beleive this was the old Milford Plaza.",4
5715, August 2017,Great location and friendly staff,The Row Hotel is located in a great spot if you plan to see the best that Broadway has to offer. The staff is very friendly and polite...always gives you a smile. I will recommend it to my family and friends.,4
5716, August 2017,Row,"Very pricey. The beds were incredibly comfortable tho. Great location, but would not drink in the overpriced bar. The bartenders were not very friendly and seemed to pay attention more to their phone then guests.",3
5717, August 2017,"Good location, nice hotel, cleaning could be better","Good location right off times square, nice hotel but room looked a bit tired, needs upgrading. Bathroom not cleaned propery. Ac a bit too noisy. Porter very friendly. Good value for price paid. Recomended",4
5718, August 2017,Cool place,"The hotel is clean and well monitored. Had soft sheets, a nice hot shower, and the tv was comforting to have. I really liked being close enough to walk to the store, theater, etc. So, thanks to Birdland and Colleen Ballinger for having a show...giving me my first reason to visit. Thanks again. - Joy Lopez-McGraner",5
5719, August 2017,Great stay,"Stayed with my husband and two children 20 and 13 years of age. Great location, clean hotel, comfortable beds. Close to everything . Rooms are small, but not going to New York to sit in your room. You can hear the sirens and people all night,but again, your in New York and right by Times Square . Enjoyed the hotel. Quick check in and friendly helpful staff",5
5720, August 2017,"Great Location, Great Price",This hotel is a cute hotel and it is located in an amazing location. There was a wait for our room but the staff were courteous and very personable which kept me from being upset with waiting after a long drive.,3
5721, August 2017,Such a bad experience,"Don't be fooled by the ""4 star"" class of this hotel: reality is that rooms have terrible acoustics (you can hear EVERYTHING that happens on corridors, nextdoor rooms and Times Square); with few exceptions (like the bellmen) the staff treats you like they are doing you a favor if you need assistance or ask a question; lines everywhere; most of the time there is no security on the lobby (so anyone can go on the room floors, not only guests); my bathroom flooded; and so on. If you value your money, go to another hotel!",2
5722, August 2017,Nice place! Good views! But just make sure to ask if your room is all cleaned up before hand,"The view was nice and the styling was amazing, it's just that my room was clean when I checked in which was unfortunate, we called to get it resolved and they got it done it just sucked that that happened",3
5723, August 2017,Updated and modern but beware,"My wife and I wanted a Time Square location for a 2 day getaway staycation. The Row is a throwback to an age gone by but has been updated to a modern standard. For those who remember it was the old Milford Hotel. There was lots of tourist traffic but the front desk was able to keep up with it. The hotel had a dark, hip feel to it and offered nice amenities like a lobby bar lounge and breakfast cafe as well as a food court with many eateries to choose from. My superior view room was small as to be expected for a value priced hotel in NYC but the decor made up for that easily. The furniture and wall coverings were modern but it was clear in the bathroom that the original fixtures were just covered over for a modern feel. The fixtures worked like they were from an age gone by",3
5724, October 2016,"Central location, good value","New York hotels seem different to anywhere else in the world; even in a four star hotel you know you will be paying far more for a far smaller room. We visited the Row NYC for a whole week last October. Our party booked two rooms, one of which needed to be ADA compliant. Due to a scheduling mixup we both ended up with wheelchair accessible rooms, which frankly I was fine with as they do tend to be twice the size of an ordinary room. The Row NYC is a typical 4 star property. It's nothing special but does exactly what you would expect. Public spaces are aimed at more of a trendy crowd whilst rooms seem a bit more traditional. Can't complain at either nor get particularly excited. But in fairness most people don't go to New York to stay in their rooms. Location is fabulous on",4
5725, August 2017,Not value for money,Bad smells in common areas and lifts. No ventilation. Very noisy Airconditioning in the room. You couldn't sleep. Dirty room. Hidden costs in every need. You always have to tip someone just to do their job!!,1
5726, August 2017,WORST HOTEL EVER,"I booked this hotel online with the impression going by pictures and description it was a very nice hotel instead i was shocked to find out that the king size room i had paid for the week was extremely small with bright green walls, mold and dirt in the bathroom, hair and stains in the bed and a bad off smell in the room. The bed was only a double bed and this was said to be a city view, only to be looking directly at a building that was right next door. I immediately went back down stairs with my luggage and complained to the manager to which he was extremely rude and said to me that ""i dont know what the standards are in Europe but here in America this is a king size bed and room"" I told the manager that i had been a furniture maker for over 15 years and the standard size",1
5727, August 2017,great spot for times square,"The hotel isn't far from Times Square and it's a great price to be so close. It's an old building that was renovated but it's a nice, modern renovation. The rooms are compact so it's probably best if you're traveling alone or traveling with thin companions. I'd definitely comeback.",4
5728, August 2017,Good choice,"The hotel was okei. Everything organized, clean, nice. For us too noisy because of the location and too many people but near all the main atractions and very kind the people who work there. We have some issues and the solve everything quick",4
5729, August 2017,One of the best experiences of a world traveller.,"Best location to discover the Big Apple (even by walking around), combined with a warm welcoming friendly staff and a clean, celar & comfortable room to make Yourself at home in NY. No question: this visit & stay must be repeated.",5
5730, August 2017,Overnight Stay in Row NYC,"I arrived with my sister and her twin 15 year olds. The check in was quick and the staff very friendly. The kids got a kick out of the decor of the place and the rooms were sound proof. We paid an extra $16 for and upgrade to a higher floor, and we got a room on the 16th floor. I had reserved a Deluxe with 2 double beds and all 4 of us were very comfortable. I think we end up getting 2 Queen size beds because we had plenty of room. The rooms were clean, the beds comfortable. The bathroom was clean as well and had the basic toilleteries. If I had one complain was that the windows were filty and we couldn't see the view without opening the window (it opened just a few inches) The TV was also dusty. But since we were there for just a night it didn't really matter. I",4
5731, August 2017,this is a great hotel,"first time in this hotel, I will come back for sure. nice and comfortable rooms, no noise from nearby rooms, excellent service, great breakfast with very good coffee. I have already suggested it to friends visiting NYC in the next weeks.",5
5732, August 2017,I liked it,"The room was kind of pricey for the money.Otherwise I was happy with my experience.Room was clean,it was quiet and the bed was nice and soft.I would have loved to be placed in a room with a better view though.",4
5733, August 2017,ROW NYC was just OK,"Not a favorite. Probably won't use again, but in general it was ok. The rooms were ok. Bathrooms need updating. Beds were comfortable. Front desk/Lobby/Drop off-Pick up space in front of hotel were all chaotic at best.",3
5734, August 2017,"the most Treble hotel -the staff is steall the visets of the hotel - stol us pasport,cloth, car keys","I will make sure that all my friends won't visit your hotel. It was traumatic for me and my family, and it ruined our tripe. I would also publish what happened to us at your hotel in all vacation websites I know so it won't happen to other people as well. Moreover, I will complain to the travel company that recommended me your hotel and make sure it won't happen again.",1
5735, July 2017,Row NYC HOTEL,The Row was in a great location. We walked all over Manhattan every day. Plenty of cafes and places to eat in minutes walking distance. The rooms were compact but clean and new. We had a great view of the busy streets below. The bar and food halls were handy and the coffee was good.,4
5736, August 2017,ROW NYC Excellent Choice,Excellent location and value I recommend wholeheartedly. Good attentive staff automatic check in and automatic check out. Close to transportation and Times Square. Bathrooms are a little small and beds are not King Size. They are American Full size. So keep that in mind also.,4
5737, August 2017,Travelers beware,"TRAVELERS BEWARE: I'm going to start my review here and then share it on hotels.com, Travelocity, yelp, booking.com, Expedia...etc etc. I booked a reservation on Travelocity for a romantic birthday weekend with my fiancé on August 1st 2017 for a DELUXE VIEW Room featuring a NYC view. When I arrived on my check in date (August 19th-my birthday) the lobby was booming with guests, which looked promising, but later I came to realize they were all loitering guests waiting to complain or have a problem resolved. I approached the female desk clerk, who seemed less than thrilled to be assisting us, to check in. She assigned us a room very quickly and sent us on our way. Before we wheeled our luggage away I reminded her we should be provided with the complementary water bottles they",1
5738, August 2017,Exceptionally Valued Times Square Hotel,"Exceptional hotel with amazing location convenience. Service however was poor and although rooms were cleaned upon arrival, they were not cleaned once more during our stay. We had to go look to get more towels for ourselves.",4
5739, August 2017,AVOID AVOID AVOID!,"My wife and 2 teenage children stayed here for 4 nights for a stop over in the big apple after a 2 week stay in Orlando Florida before heading back to Ireland... Our experience with The ROW NYC turned what was a magical holiday, once in a lifetime into a nightmare.... The first night stay my wife cried herself to sleep! On first impressions it seemed a modern trendy hotel, the lobby was busy, long check-in que which moved fast which was good, we got our keys to our room which we were informed had NO view as it was an internal room! There was a window which faced a brickwall not more than 8 feet away...... The room which we booked was for 2 adults and 2 kids....the room was TINY!!! I was expecting a small room as it is a big city hotel but this was a joke...... There were 2",1
5740, August 2017,Location location location,"good hotel plenty of people in a very good location, a little crowdy and the room is small but clean. The service was ok in the reception help you if they have time becarse all time is full people. Nice",4
5741, August 2017,Noisy & overcrowded,"If your looking for a relaxing and quiet stay in NYC, The Row is not the hotel for you. The lobby of the hotel was like a crowded train station that is constantly crowded regardless of what time it is.",3
5742, February 2017,loved our stay,"Loved our stay here and if we was to return to nyc we will book this hotel again. 5 minute walk from time square. closely located near some lovely restaurants off the main parade. bar area lovely and romantic during the evenings, nice to sit and enjoy a drink on a cold winter evening. entertainment was also wonderful. rooms was small but what we needed for our stay. option of a shower and bath. hairdryer available along with a room safe. tv with variety of channels and self adjustable heating/air con. room service daily.",5
5743, August 2017,great location in new york city,"Liked the location of this place, its a very big hotel. Long q's for reception, they have over 1000 rooms. We had a corner room, with a king bed. They also have a kitchen with several types of food, donuts, breakfasts, fish & chips, asian, so you don'nt have to leave the place. But heaps of food places around this location. Rooms serviced daily. Close to hop on buses, Times square and Broadway shows.",3
5744, April 2017,Average stay,"I liked the rooms, disliked the customer service. The staff need to remember that a customers experience starts with them. Making sure you are attentive, and kind is what the customer will always remeber.",3
5745, August 2017,Excellent location,"I enjoyed my stay for both business and vacation at ROW. The location is amazing, it is close to everywhere by walking. Rooms are quite nice, comfortable and the hotel employee is also very smiling and kind. Douglas was very kind and helpful with my check-in. I definitely recommend this hotel",5
5746, August 2017,Worse hotel experience in NY,"Lines all day long to reach any kind of hotel services or staff Hard to reach staff by telefone No help at all with luggage Wrong room assigned Midnight ""checking"" phone call Midnight security ""visit "" in room ............",1
5747, August 2017,Nightmare,"The phone line is out of working during the stay and due to the hotel, it has been a long long time already , it is terrible to sale a room for that price with poor quality of hotel. No more . Please skip it and stay with other hotels .",1
5748, August 2017,No value for money.,"When I arrived the bellmen were lovely and helped me up to the front desk which was a different story, the woman who checked me in made me feel like I was an inconvenience straight off the bat, when I went up to my assigned room I found that it was not what I'd booked/paid for as it was a single twin and I'd booked a double. I went back to the front desk and unfortunately spoke to the same miserable woman as before who made it feel as though it was my misunderstanding of bed sizes (I know the difference between a twin and a double) As I was having a friend meet me in NY and share the room a twin was not big enough. The only option I was given was to pay an extra $20+tax a night to ""upgrade"" to the room I was originally supposed to have. Other than that lady (whom I wish I'd",3
5749, August 2017,Loved Row NYC,"It would have helped to have two concierges on duty so the wait would have been shorter for questions and help. We will stay there again when we return to NYC. Love the location, which made it easy to access the events we had planned. Atmosphere was casual and contemporary, which was nice.",4
5750, August 2017,Awful experience,"terrible small noisy rooms and bathrooms . The obligatory make u pay a facility charge of $30 for a plastic cup and calls that you may not want or need. The roller blinds don't work to block the light. The smallest bathroom I've ever seen, difficult to move around. Check in took around 40 minutes queuing",1
5751, August 2017,The worst,"Their standard room is sooooo small, even for NY standards Rooms have no accoustical insulation. You can hear neighbors and people walking and talking on the corridor Air conditioner is very loud Front desk and house keeping never picked up phone (called 3x) Bathrooms have no vents Their beds are comfortable - and this is the only good point I can make, considering it did not help to fell asleep with A/C making extremly loud noise You get what you paid for ! I would spend more gladly to never experience this place. I stayed in 3 different hotels in NY so far and this was the worst !",1
5752, August 2017,Best,Best location. Best hotel. Easy to book and check in takes less then 5 min. I definitely recommend to all people. And the price is really reasonable. Large lobby with enogh computers for costumers. Room are clean.,5
5753, August 2017,GREAT HOTEL AND STAFF,"The Row Hotel was a great stay. Friendly staff from the front desk to the very pleasant maid service.The Row is in the perfect location to all Broadway shows, restaurants and Central Park.A great value.",5
5754, August 2017,Good Time,"Spent 4 days at the Row Hotel. Nice room, great location, fair price, friendly staff. The hotel decor is modern contemporary, good supply of electrical outlets. Bathrooms are clean and newly renovated. Elevators are fast and efficient.",4
5755, August 2017,NYC vacation,Great location. Rooms are small but very clean with a large TV. The food court downstairs has many options? This was our second time staying at this hotel. Would definitely recommend for families/ couples.,5
5756, August 2017,Too expensive for such a small room,"The room and especially the toilet was too small for 250€ per day (in the pictures looks bigger) and without breakfast... Also theoretically we would have view of the city, but we had a view of a building... At least the air conditioner was very noisy.. The room isn't worth more than 150€ per day... Otherwise the room was clean and the people very kind!!!",2
5757, August 2017,"Great room for theatre, shopping, sightseeing","Absolutely satisfied. Nice, modern. It is a smaller room but we were not spending a lot of time there, plenty of room for 2 of us, happy to be located in heart of theatre district. Would absolutely come back.",5
5758, August 2017,Excellent experience,I enjoyed my recent stay for business at ROW. Christina S. was wonderfully helpful with my check-in. My room was very comfortable and the location was superb. This is the second time I've stayed at ROW and would stay there again.,5
5759, August 2017,save your money,The Row was a total disappointment. Sometimes what you see on internet is NOT what you get . sorry to say I have nothing good to share about this place. I have been to NYC before (other Hotels) and have had great experiences. Save your money .,1
5760, August 2017,Not so good,Get a standard room. Which had a good window view. But had a terrible cleanliness and quality. Seems very old and dirty. I recommend only for the location for Theaters and Time Square bounds. The hotel. Must reform this rooms.,3
5761, August 2017,WORST customer service I've ever had.,"The rooms themselves are fine (NYC small, my original one didn't have working A/C) but the real issue is the service. It took us almost 40 minutes tonight to check in, with one employee clocking out when there was a HUGE line, a manager who was all but useless, and another employee doing all the work doing his best to stay cheerful (though he tried a little TOO hard, it shouldn't take 20 minutes to check in every single person!!). When I went downstairs to tell them my room's air was broken, the manager tried to send engineering to the room instead of just sending me to another one. This, in itself, isn't an issue -- except it was 10:45 at night!!! They didn't pull other people on to check people in, they just let the line be long. And the manager made excuse after excuse about",1
5762, August 2017,Don't stay at this hotel,Got stuck in the elevator 2x lites went out 2 x no one at the front desk answers the phone ever the bathroom was so small and had no counter space the bar closed. White the posted time the only good thing was the bellman,2
5763, August 2017,Very Average - Not Your Best Option,"I traveled to New York City in August on business. The hotel was extremely average, if I am being honest. The elevators were constantly dirty, and packed. At one point I had to ride in an elevator that had a swamp of coffee and coffee cups on the floor. Also, the rooms were either subzero temperatures or extremely hot; there was no in between, no matter how you adjusted the thermostat. The rooms were average for NYC hotels though, especially in that area, although the bathrooms are a bit outdated and there are only two mirrors in the whole room, which can prove to be a problem if there is more than two people staying in the room. Overall, I wouldn't recommend it completely to a friend, but if you're desperate for somewhere to stay, it isn't your worst option.",3
5764, August 2017,Row NYC,"A big, busy hotel - but fine for what it provides. The internet facility in the lobby was useful for printing out boarding passes and sorting out a problem with tickets to the New York Yankees' game. The quick checkout facility was worth doing to avoid standing in line.",4
5765, August 2017,Average Hotel for New York City,"Great location, close to Times Square, Shopping, Dining and various subway lines Rooms are average, clean, but noisy and small, unfortunately without daylight. A very long queue for checki-in tainted my impression upon arrival.",3
5766, August 2017,Wouldn't recommend,"Poor engagement at front desk. Tired rooms. Not sure if the 30 dollar services fee is typical but if this is a compulsory fee (as it was for us) it should be rolled into the room rate. We didn't want or appreciate what it included - apart from the internet. We believe that internet provision is a basic facility these days - and whilst places like Motel 6 charge for it - no other place we stayed in considered it an 'extra',",2
5767, August 2017,You get what you pay for,"This definitely wasn't the cleanest hotel I've ever been to, but considering the fact that it's NYC and wasn't extremely expensive, it wasn't bad for a college student. Going forward, I may still stay here unless I have money to stay somewhere nicer.",3
5768, May 2017,ALERT - CHEATING HOTEL ON SECURITY DEPOSITS REFUND - PLEASE STAY AWAY!!!!,"The worst experience I have ever gone through with a hotel. I booked a room in this hotel through my travel agent in Dubai for May 2017 to spend our vacation in NYC. It was informed by the travel agent that over and above the room charge, a ""SERVICE FEE"" of USD 25-30 per night should be deposited at the reception upon check-in and while we reached there, I was asked to pay USD 200 in advance through my international credit card and I did the same.Further they stated that, the balance amount will be credited back to your account with two weeks of checkout. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a long queue to the reception (which was understaffed) and after this struggle we checked in and was surprised to see the room which was so small without breathing space. Unlike the website,",1
5769, August 2017,It was ok,"I got an email the morning of my trip that said I could pre-checkin online to get an email when my room was ready (and pick up my key in some express method). I confirmed all my payment info through that process. Well, I never got an email, but I went to the hotel to have them hold my bags while I walked around city. I had to wait in line and go through ANOTHER pre-checkin process where they swiped my credit card to get a paper that allowed me to check my bags with the bellhops. I never got the promised email when my room was ready. I went back to the hotel and had to wait in the front desk line AGAIN to properly checkin to my room. I got the key, they explained the wifi situation, but never gave me the promised water bottle for the filtered water stations. You pay a facility",3
5770, March 2017,"Great location, perfect hotel.","The Row NYC has a great location, thus offering the best starting point to explore the big apple. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. The rooms are good and clean. Class we found the in-house drinking water supply (cool water on every 2nd floor or ice cubes) in the aluminum bottles.",4
5771, August 2017,"Great location, classic hotel.",In the heart of it all. Great location between Times Square/Theater District/Hell's Kitchen. Good value. Book early as choice rooms move quickly. Restaurant off of Lobby has good choices- nice variety...and is good.,4
5772, August 2017,2 days in the big apple,I will look for a hotel with a larger bathroom a small fridge and without a broken bathroom door bldg included earlier check in valet included and more sympathetic to my needs. My wife did not make the trip because she had to work so my 43 yr old daughter took her place and hotel charged me 80 dollars+tax for two beds instead of one. Awful.,3
5773, August 2017,HJ Rigsby,"Without doubt, the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. The room is beyond tiny. The shower over-flowed into the room. The towels were dirty. The movie function on the TV was broken. The comforter was 2 white sheets sewn together. No A/C in the halls so you are sweating by the time you get to the lobby. In a word- DUMP.",1
5774, August 2017,Reunion trip,"Amazing service! Great location for Broadway shows! Absolutely would recommend staying here! Keep in mind that the hotel is in Times Square and is quite busy, be patient with the staff as they are trying their best to accommodate your requests.",5
5775, August 2017,Terrible,The worst experience of my life. The room was very dirty. The hotel looks like is falling apart. I was very disappointed with the hotel. I would never stay there again. I have never seen a hotel like the Row hotel.,1
5776, August 2017,Just worth the location,"Awfull cleaness, awfull attention in the front desk, everithing always colapsed (front desk, luggage storage). They didn't have transformers for chargers, the manager is a 20 year old kid that doesn't know how to help people. They give one info at the front desk, other info at the gift shop. They charge me for leave a package to drop off to a friend, zero customer service!",2
5777, November 2016,The perfect location,"I stayed at the row with my sister for 4 nights over thanksgiving in November 2016 as it was recommended to me by a friend. Our flight landed early landed early so we arrived at the hotel at 8am we knew it would have been impossible to check in at that time so we did a pre check in and dropped our bags , however the men that work at the bag desk ask each and every customer for a tip which i find quiet rude! I will tip there is no need no be pointing at a tip jar. Location wise is absolutely perfect!! It was a block back from time square and literally a 2 minute walk to time square. About a 25-30 min walk to central park but a nice stroll and subways are all over closeby.it is a 2 min walk to the famous Carmines restaurant and Juniors. Also a block away from Broadway. The room",4
5778, August 2017,Great location,4th time I've stayed at the Row and it's conveniently close for a weekend getaway. Times square is down the street away from the hustle and bustle and you can easily walk to Central park. My only complaint this time around was our receptionist he was not very friendly.,4
5779, August 2017,Good Hotel With Serious Frustrating Problems,"The general facilities are good and the staff usually helpful, but there are some glaring deficiencies, especially the usefulness of the computers provided for guests and the accuracy of the description of the rooms at different prices.",3
5780, August 2017,Great Location and Value for Times Square Hotel,Row NYC was a very nice hotel to stay at. It's right in Times Squre and was reasonably affordable. My wife and I went to NYC as our 30th birthday present to each other. We had a great time and Row NYC added to the experience we had while in NYC. Our room was a little smaller than I had anticipated but when you're in NYC there's so much to do that you're only in your room to take a shower/sleep. I would definitely stay at Row NYC again.,4
5781, August 2017,JUST WOW!,"When I checked in, the room they gave me smelled like marihuana. I went downstairs and asked them to change my room, they looked at me as if it's never happened and handed me the key. The other room was okay 1105 I believe it was... My first night there was okay! They don't have room service or at least they don't have a menu in the rooms... The second night I came back around 10 to my room and it smelled a little bit like marihuana, my bf came back with me and he smelled it too but we thought it would go away, around 1 the smell got so strong it felt like they were smoking in my room so i called security and they got there pretty quick. They informed me how they had just kicked some people put for smoking marihuana on the fourth floor (the floor where my first room was at)",1
5782, August 2017,Ignoring emails,"Booked with the hotel and sent countless emails, all are being ignored. The link from the official website is not working. Appalling service. Tried to telephone and was finally promised a call back from the manager, that hasn't happened either",1
5783, August 2017,Boutique hotel heaven,"I love the hotel design, the rooms could be lit more. The ADA room was spacious enough to suit my needs. I extended my stay. Originally it was for 3 nights. Then i extended it for 2 more, then 2 more, and now 3 more. I like this place that much",4
5784, August 2017,Poor Service,"Staff unfriendly. The hotel is not flexible. I paid for 3 rooms and unfortunately one of the rooms i tried to cancel and it was ""non-refundable"" and they didn't even allow to upgrade the other two rooms, or even offer breakfast for the value of the other room. We were not offered proper room service. Our rooms were not cleaned and we had to ask repeatedly and the only thing they could offer upon our request was fresh towels. The staff was unapologetic for the fact that our rooms were not cleaned. Next time i am in New York, i would definitely not stay at ROW Hotel.",1
5785, August 2017,BEST.HOTEL.EVER!,"I really have to say, this hotel is SO great! From the service at the front desk and to the nice people in housekeeping, to the comfy beds to the view of the city, and the frickin HUGE BATHROOM, it was phenomenal! If I could give a higher rating I would! We attempted an early check-in but our room wasn't ready yet, so we stored our luggage and went to explore. When we came back we checked to see if it was ready, as we hadn't received the email yet, and ZAC helped us and ensured the room was ready, and he was so friendly and upbeat! All the staff were amazing (the blonde lady at customer service in the corner, I didn't get her name, she appeared to be a manager? She was just great!!!) I had read reviews of small rooms and check-in taking a ridiculously long line. Let me be",5
5786, August 2017,Pleased!,"Hotel is centrally located to everything. I was able to walk from Penn station when I arrived and my return trip. Room was small but clean and designed nicely! Absolutely got the job done. Take advantage of remote pre-check in, the lobby was extremely busy and had I not used pre-check in I would have likely had to wait in line for no less than 30 minutes to check in! That would have been a game changer and this review would have had a different tone.",4
5787, August 2017,Bad,"Checking in the employee who attended me was not nice, she wasnt rude either but so uninterested it was incredible. I also got charged 100 dollars as a hold when in the website it clearly states its 50 a night. The room is pretty dirty, no closet and the cupboard was broken. The floor is dusty and the views are horrible. At least the location and the bed are fine. The bathroom is tiny too. One night here, not a 4 star. The doors and walls are scratched and dirty. Just clean this place.",1
5788, August 2017,"Nice location, nice price, nice place","We visited Row NYC earlier the August. We arrived very late, like 12 AM the next day and Zac helped us. Their price is good for the location (lowest compared with hotels with similar standard). The location is very good - close to Port Authority and many interesting places right downstairs of the hotel. The most exciting part is that Zac offered to upgrade our room for free. The room was spacious, which is rare for location like this. The facilities are very new and clean here. The only thing made me book Row NYC was the price and the location, but it surprised me that it has great quality too. Will recommend this place to my friends and book again if the price if good.",5
5789, August 2017,Do not pre-pay for your room,Caution. Do not pre pay for your room! I did 5 months ahead and discovered 3 weeks before my trip that my room was now 1/2 the cost on their web site. When i called they informed me that because i had pre-paid the room there was nothing they could do. So i feel cheated and ripped off :(,2
5790, August 2017,Had a positive experience at ROW nyc,"Check in: There was a long line at 4pm because everyone was trying to check in. It was especially stressful for us because we had a 5pm dinner reservation uptown. There were computers for faster check in, however we didn't get a code to use this service. I overheard complaints from other guests that they also didn't know how to use this service. The line was slow, however, there was a female employee that was efficient at checking people in. The man who checked us in was very nice, and offered us a free upgrade. He was able to get two of our three rooms on the same floor and near each other. We were very grateful for that. My only recommendation for the hotel would be to offer discounts or coupons for breakfast at the hotel, or at City Kitchen. We weren't really sure what",4
5791, August 2017,First time in New York,"Stay at the Row NYC, best by far. We did not get to eat at District M or City Kitchen but it looked inviting. We were just in NYC for such a short time. Use the taxi system to get anywhere more than 3 city blocks away. Liked above ground to view all the variety. The subway was fun to try but confusing & hot. We found New Yorkers to be very friendly, polite and helpful. It is not scary like media portrays.",5
5792, August 2017,Okay stay,"The staff was nice and the stay was alright. We did have the ceiling in our bathroom leaking and they did fix it. However, it took them hours to do so. We were also charged deposit and an extra facility fee without them letting us know. I paid $50+ to check in early and the room was not ready on time. They told me I had to do the regular check in and that I would not be charged. However, I was still charged.",2
5793, August 2017,Tiny,Have stayed here many times with good experience. Last one ruined it will not recommend room was so small 2 people could not move at same time bathroom was terrible shower was 2ftX2ft and water ran all over floor shower curtain was wet and dirty when we arrived toilet paper holder was on your lap when you sat down very disappointed poor value,1
5794, August 2017,"Rooms a fair size, needs a little update in bathroom ie hair dryers and ceiling fans","Bathroom needs extra cleaning in corners etc, could use pain refresh, location was great, staff were pleasant Security was nice to see , checking room keys Restaurant was convient, food good, over priced though. Front desk staff very friendly",4
5795, August 2017,Great location!,"I stayed in this hotel on my first visit to NYC, the location was perfect, especially if you are planning to see any Broadway plays. We were steps away from the theaters and 2 blocks from the ""hop on hop off"" bus tours. Our room was small with no extras but it was super clean and modern. We had a nice view of the Hudson from the 22nd floor. The City Kitchen off the lobby has excellent food in a food court style with great window seating all around. The check in process is tedious and don't expect the staff to be friendly or helpful.",4
5796, August 2017,Terrible check in,"Although I had a reservation, I waited in line for 45 minutes just to check in. Most guest grew frustrated and complained. The hotel needs a better process. The highlight was the free printing in the lobby.",2
5797, August 2017,Perfect hotel for any length of stay!,The hotel is in a perfect part of the city! Easy access to the subway too. Upon entering the hotel you get a blast of fragrance. You feel instantly removed from the city life. Our room was very clean and the bed was comfortable too.,5
5798, July 2017,Worderful experience of the city from Row NYC Hotel,"Great location, just 2 blocks from Times Square (Don't forget to go to Bubba Gump Store), near great places to eat , the post office, clubs (including Swing 46), pubs, etc. Look for Parizada on the Concierge balcony, she gave us great tips of places to go in the city. Douglas welcomed us very well on the reception, and explained everything, including the subway routes throghout the city. The room 553 is very quiet and the temperature control is easy to use. The beds and pillows are excelent and there is a safe and many drawers to keep everything neat and secure.",5
5799, August 2017,ROW NYC HOTEL,"Room was very clean & nice size for NYC hotel, beds VERY comfortable and great location! Close to Time Square and Broadway. Plenty if places to eat within walking distance and subway only 2 blocks away. Would definitely stay here again",5
5800, August 2017,Not a great place for Business Travelers,"Booked this Hotel for my Business Travel and felt after that paid too much a price for the facilities. Location is excellent though, the Front Desk personnel has very little patience. Bets part was express check out that saved my time waiting in long queues.",3
5801, August 2017,DONT STAY HERE!!!,"This is my second attempt to stay here and i am not sure why i even tried after the las time. But this trip, I booked a room for the ROW and upon checkin around 10pm, the front desk staff said they couldn't find our booking and that they didn't have enough rooms available. After trying to figure this out they said ""sorry, you can go across the street to Intercontinental Hotel and maybe they'll have a room."" We flew from a different state for the weekend and The Row hotel basically left us on the street. Also, it was about 12:30am at this time, so finding another hotel with luggage was not easy. In addition to us being left without our booked hotel, the staff at the front desk was so unbelievable rude. The line for the check-in took about a hour and there was only on person",1
5802, August 2017,My next stay at the ROW NYC,The convenient position at the center of Manhattan makes every stay as a gorgeous one and each time I want to be in NYC my choice goes on this fantastic Hotel. It's the third time I went to the ROW and I'll come back again for sure!,5
5803, July 2017,Cool escape in a heat wave,"On one of the hottest nights of this July's heat wave (and apparently on one of the most heavily-booked nights of the summer as well), a colleague offered to book me a room, knowing that my Hell's Kitchen apartment doesn't have air conditioning. Row NYC turned out to be a perfect place to get cool without having to go too far from home -- in large part because of the outstanding assistance I received from front desk team member Shantelle. When I mentioned living in the neighborhood (and so being familiar with the hotel's previous incarnation as the Milford Plaza), she did everything in her power to make me Row NYC feel like my home away from home. She empathized with my apartment's lack of a/c (and told me of a great deal she had seen on portable a/c units), then gave me a",4
5804, August 2017,Not worth the money,"I got a room for my birthday. Saw the pictures of the rooms online and they looked big enough. got to the hotel to check in, went to my room, it was incredibly small, the bathroom is the size of a closet. The rug had stains in it. Was not very happy, especially for the price i paid.",2
5805, August 2017,Size of guest room,"Size of guest room is small for a couple (two people). Should provide a large bed like queen bed rather than a standard double bed for two people. The entrance of hotel looks darker, it should be more light for people who have low vision impaired. The restaurant downstairs is excellent.",3
5806, August 2017,"A little expensive, but fair. Good hotel.","Good hotel. Nice location, good rooms and facilities. Bar at lobby and the food court inside hotel was really pleasant (foods were really good and fair prices). There is no frigobar, but you can have fresh water and ice on each floor.",4
5807, August 2017,Vacation,I love this Hotel because is in the middle of everything Was a little noise because I was close to the elevator but also the insulation of the windows is not very good you could heard everything from outside.,4
5808, August 2017,Great location!,"Easy access to Broadway, Fashion district and other areas. Room was comfortable for one person and bathroom modern and clean. Ice machine was out of service on the floor and should have had a sign placed on it since the other machines were two floors above or below.",4
5809, August 2017,Great Location for Broadway shows,"Junior checked my daughter and I in and really worked with us to make certain we received the best service/room possible for our stay. The location was perfect for us, very close to everything we needed. Difficult to get information from any of the concierges, but the front desk always went above and beyond.",5
5810, August 2017,Very poor service,"Front desk staff very rude. Room extremely small and dirty. Much better hotels around area for cheaper price. Unwilling to take any responsibility, solve issues and continually palmed off/ told to return later/ tomorrow.",2
5811, August 2017,"Very good situation, very price for quality of deluxe city view room.","At our arrival we tested for one night, due to a lack of availability, a not Deluxe room and we can understand, some bad comments about room size, noise and little bit shaiby looking. But we moved to a Deluxe family city view room, in high floor (what we had ordered initially), and it was perfectly as expected.Very good room in very good situation. Size of double bed was a little bit small for our 2 teenagers boys, but was ok and very comfortable.",5
5812, August 2017,My Trip,"Could be better if you change the bed rope, if the check in process will be faster, if the message for check in for the phone works, if working hotel people smile once a time, if what you offer on the web page is the same that you receive when you arrive.",4
5813, July 2017,Very good lacation and accommodation,"Very good location and accommodation, just one blcok from Times Square! Very comfortable and cleaned room. Friendly staff. And if you book a room at high floor you can have a view from Hudson River. Excellent!",5
5814, August 2017,Our trip to NYC,The ROW was perfect for our first trip to NYC:) It is in a great location and we were able to see all the things we wanted to see. The room was on the smaller side but we were not there to spend time in the room. The beds were super comfortable. The person that checked us in when we got there was very nice and answered all the questions we had for him. The elevator needs a little work. We waited at least 8 minutes one time for it to stop and get us. I would definitely recommend the ROW to friends. If we ever make a return trip to NYC we will most likely stay at the ROW.,5
5815, August 2017,Customer service,"I recently visited the hotel with my daughter. I would like to say that I was very satisfied with Robert at check in and the way in which he handled our complaint in an efficient, professional manner. Thankyou.",5
5816, August 2017,Holiday,"Good locally positioned hotel , walking distance to Times Square, Macy's , great pubs and restaurants , bus trips and some interesting markets .... very small rooms and no tea and coffee facilities or fridge was the only disappointment ... staff helpful and friendly .... I found America expensive as prices similar to Australia yet they add tax and tipping on top ... so be prepared to pay more than normal",4
5817, August 2017,Pretty good place to stay,Pretty good place to stay. Overall the experience was pretty good. I would stay there again and would recommend it to others. Nice location. Very close to many of the sites. Lines for checking in could be a little long.,4
5818, August 2017,The worst hotel my god,I have only selected a 1 rating as there is minus option had to change rooms twice the first room was rotten the plaster in the bath room was falling of room number 2408 then changed to room 2718 this was upgrade again rotten had to get all the. bedding change as hair in the bed bathroom had hair on the floor made my skin crawl,1
5819, August 2017,Summer Vacation,Another great trip to NYC with our stay at ROW. Once again our stay was excellent with staff being very friendly. We really like the check in via email. Also picking up room keys via kiosk is very simple and saves standing in a line-awesome! Great location with access to everything Manhattan has to offer.,5
5820, August 2017,Our honeymoon stay,We had a great stay at the Row NYC. The staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clean. It is so close to everything. There is a service fee for services like the concierge and wifi....we didn't use the concierge services until almost the last day and should have seen them sooner to help us plan our days. A fantastic stay in NYC,4
5821, August 2017,Sneaky fees,"Ask about any and all additional fees before checking in. If you don't want to use their gym, why pay for it? Make sure the statement you receive when you check out matches what is charged to your credit card.",3
5822, August 2017,Not for me!!,"The overall experience from arrival to check-in is a bit of dis-organised chaos. At the main entrance there was no signs advising of check-in location and and an unmanned desk with probably about 12 people waiting by this location. I assumed this was check-in and waited here a while, nothing was happening and there were probably about 60 people milling about between the main entrance and on the stairs. Travelling with my 14 year old son and being on the last three days of a three week holiday covering more than 11,000km east to west canada then west to east in america this was supposed to be a little luxury at the end of the trip. We had a (superior) twin room which all in was probably no bigger than 15ft *10ft (the smallest place we stayed of the entire trip),no tea/coffee",3
5823, August 2017,Friendly and Hip!!,"I stay at The Row consistently when visiting the city from upstate New York. Everyone is always amazing friendly, helpful, fun and kind. Robert was amazing during the check in process and made me feel more than welcome! Jarret and Lili were great bartenders and made amazing drinks! This is why I always come back here!!",5
5824, August 2017,Great location...free wifi?????,"When we arrived the line up for check in was unbelievable!! They knew they were expecting a lot of people and I feel they were not prepared to accommodate. I must have waited 30 minutes or more just to check in and the line up was like this daily. I just arrived from this hotel and there is no free wifi. When you arrive they charge you a mandatory facilities fee of 30.00$ PER NIGHT for the internet, the unlimited use of the fitness room etc. The hotel is certainly not luxurious but as others have said..fantastic location. Our room did smell of cigarette smoke but we seemed to notice it less as the week went on. The beds are very comfortable which brought my rating up. We were well rested in the morning. The A/C in our room was quite loud but we did get use to it. The",3
5825, August 2017,great service,I love the people at the hotel. professional and very helpful!! I have stayed at the NYC Row several times. The people there always remember me. The district M bar area are super nice. Always a welcoming smile.,4
5826, August 2017,Whatever.,"Wasn't told about the extra fee that they were going to charged. For cleaning a bathroom thats suppose to be cleaned after every guess leaves. I think they should return my money back for it, in all honesty.",3
5827, July 2017,An average stay at a good location,"The cleanliness did really concern me, I did find a strangers pill on the floor and a comb in my room by arrival. However the man on the desk was very nice. Just the cleanliness and noise was disturbing.",3
5828, August 2017,Poor Service/Poor communication,"Had an issue in my room, called both guest services and concierge for help (twice each), both said they'd contact housekeeping and an hour later, I still had no help. Whether housekeeping is overwhelmed (which I would doubt judging by the less than perfect, but not horrible cleanliness of the room) or lack of communication, I was very frustrated. As I had to leave to catch a train, I didn't have time to stand in line to speak to a person so my issue went completely unresolved which is a shame because otherwise the hotel was really quite nice in terms of location and amenities.",2
5829, August 2017,Nice modern hotel in Times Square,Checked in for a night and pleasantly surprised how modern it was. Room was clean and large for two queen beds in 18th floor. A plus to be walking distance to shops and eats. Sugar factory store located inside.,4
5830, August 2017,Summer Trip,"The room staff were nice, however rooms were not thoroughly cleaned. Our room was overlooked for cleaning on at least 2 days. The hotel was busy and certainly not personable. Doubt I would stay there again and wouldn't recommend to others. Lack of any basic amenities.",2
5831, August 2017,Great Place!,Great location. Great prices as compared to others in the area. Great staff. Everyone was polite and offered great advice. I would highly recommend. Staying at The ROW. You'll definitely be happy you did. Perfect location for business and pleasure.,5
5832, August 2017,Fun in the city,"Spending the weekend in the city with my wife. Staying at the Row and sitting at the bar being treated like family . The bar staff Tony, Jared , Lily and Carlos . We ended up sitting at the bar for 3 hours just having a blast !!",5
5833, August 2017,Perfect location close to attractions,"Nice hotel close to attractions, theatres, etc. Though the room with 2 double beds was a bit tiny for 4 grown-ups. Travelling together with a vegan wasn't a problem as Blossom Du Jour (small vegan restaurant with both to-go and stay) was close to the hotel.",4
5834, August 2017,best hotel in New York,Great experience we loved the atmosphere and service. the room was great too very clean. breakfast area is amazing . Row NYC Hotel is in a perfect location close to everywhere you cloud just walk. we will be back.,5
5835, August 2017,Never get what they offer me,"We never get what we was offer and for what we pay in your web site We pay for a ""Deluxe City View Room"" and we get a 6th floor room with no view at all and also with exterior fan outside room, so it was a very noise bad experience for me and my family, we don't sleep well at all, also housekeeper did not do her job correctly, I always tip housekeepers in daily basis and what I do I leave tip under bed blankets so she can find it once she do correctly the bed and she never find the money because she only push blankets up, awful housekeeping service. Guys in breakfast area was kind of rude, nothing real bad but definitely nothing friendly. I get so many invitations to use your services and once I finally decided to use ROW...very disappointed By the way.....great location !",2
5836, August 2017,Young vibey hotel with a great location by time square. Long queue at checkin but guess it showed how much the demand ws,I had a great stay. From friendly hotel staff to an amazing iMac lounge and free internet as well as a great view from my hotel room. This gave me value for money. I need to also say the location is one,4
5837, August 2017,First and Last time staying here,I will never be staying here again. There are far better hotels in the vacinity. The room had constant noise from the elevators running up and down. We got absolutely no sleep. We were also disturbed by the cleaning staff having a soirée right outside of our room early in the morning. I had to step out and ask them to keep it down. THE STAFF! Ugh.,2
5838, August 2017,Location,Great location if you want to be near theater and restaurant row. Subway and Port Authority very close. The noise level on the weekend with other guests was out of control. Not great for business traveler.,3
5839, August 2017,Sleepless Night,The people in the room next to mine were having a party. At 11:45pm I called to ask if someone would ask them to please quiet down. It took 3 phone calls from 11:45pm till 02:00am and finally at 2:00AM the staff knocked on their door and asked them to quiet it down. Needless to say I had a sleepless night!,2
5840, August 2017,CHECK YOUR BILL! Horrible hotel and customer service,"It was my second time staying at the Row NYC and it is definitely my last. Long story short, CHECK YOUR BILLS because they will overcharge you if you're not careful. We got charged DOUBLE and when asked why, all we got was a cheap email with our charges but no apology or compassion for messing up. The front staff are okay in general except for one man that was screaming at certain guests. The man at Guest Services was lost and rude and couldn't guide us to who we needed to see. We opted for the Deluxe City View / Queen and it looks exactly like a regular room. No view whatsoever which was pretty disappointing. One of the bed sheets had a stain on it, and the hallways smelled like weed. Apart from that, the room we were given was extremely noisy because we could hear the people",1
5841, August 2017,Anniversary Trip,I enjoyed this hotel it was reasonably priced and in a great location just minutes away from times square. We had a ball and hope to return next year. I must recommend going to Juniors for dessert we had a ball.,5
5842, August 2017,Great stay.,"Great location. Location is so central. Lots of delicious food carts, including fruit down the street and restaurants. Would be nice to have a fridge in room. Staff was all very friendly. Room was small but in New York it's simply a place to sleep.",4
5843, August 2017,Great choice for a Times Square Hotel. .,"Value priced for the location and very clean. Great continental breakfast in the cafe. All staff we dealt with were super friendly and helpful. Felt safe as someone is stationed at the elevators checking room keys, only allowing access to upper floors to guests.",5
5844, August 2017,An oasis in a bad work visit,"You know those work trips that just drain and exhaust you? Even if you love your job and enjoy what you do, some work trips just end with you wanting to collapse in bed. But you can't. Because you need to check in. You need to talk to a stranger. Who maybe won't understand that you've traveled far and can't handle anything more today. And then there was this amazingly lovely and kind and understanding woman behind the front desk. Shantelle. She took one look at (what I imagine was) my haggard, tired face and ushered me quickly through the check in process, made me laugh so hard that my tension melted away, and made me remember that I love NYC and actually love interacting with people (which is part of my job) and that I'm actually a happy person too. My room was perfectly",5
5845, August 2017,Great location but sneaky pricing,"Hard to come up with a better location if you are interested in the Broadway experience. But, I booked through Hotels.com and obtained a price, placed a deposit etc. Then, upon arrival, I am informed of a $30 per night ""facility fee"". ""What does this $30 per night cover"", I ask. Internet and hotel water was the reply. I asked to opt out but was told that I couldn't. Very annoying and underhanded. I chose this hotel partially because of price and did not calculate in an additional $30 per night. Come on Row, be upfront. You can do better.",3
5846, August 2017,AWFUL ROW,"You really should have your housekeepers clean trims of bathroom and room. Also, it was disgusting to see all the dust in each room even though it was to be cleaned room. I had to wipe the trim with towel and to take bath, I had to personally clean the tub in order to take a bath due to not cleaned bathtub.",1
5847, August 2017,BAD EXPERIENCE AT THE ROW NYC,"The Hotel has no character at all....indifferent, noisy....not friendly....trying but not happening. The elevators has a system that as soon as you are in you don't have any buttons, you feel like you are trapped....outside the room probably the air conditioner of the hotel very loud....could not sleep well...",1
5848, August 2017,Tiny rooms,"When arrived, I had booked a room with a Queen sized bed, when getting to the room it was an absolute shoe box, with a tiny double bed. You could barely walk around the bed to get to the bathroom, which was also tiny. When requesting to change rooms cause of lack of space (we had a lot of luggage) they said we couldn't cause I checking in online at 11am but didn't actually arrive til 4pm. After a lot of hassle we upgraded to a twin room, which was also extremely small.",2
5849, August 2017,Location perfect Bed terrible,Location is perfect. But rooms are noisy( outside) and bed springs damaged. Beds are not comfortable. I waked up with head and neck aches every morning. Pillows almost very bed. Rooms are very small then usual standarts,3
5850, July 2017,Ok but needs to improve,"Its a good price but the customer service is poor. My sink was broken and the a/c hadn't been cleaned in a while. Great location, walking distance to times square, broadway and the subway. Overall it was an ok experience.",3
5851, August 2017,Great NYC getaway,The room was small but very clean and the bedding/tv/amenities new and in good condition. Great value for the money. Location was in the heart of the theater district and across the street from the metro.,4
5852, July 2017,Double Charged Account,The hotel charged the credit card as did the booking agency we booked it through. Hotel customer service has a specific department you have to deal with for billing where you leave a voicemail and no one calls you back.,1
5853, August 2017,Dirty,The floors weren't vacuumed and dirt on just about every surface. If this post would allow me submit photos you all will be shocked. After the 96$ dollar fees added on to my stay I could've stayed at the Marriott for the same price.,2
5854, August 2017,My vacay in NYC,"Overall, it was a good stay. I will come back. There are certain things that should be improved in order to facilitate life. Prior to my stay, I called the hotel and mentioned that I will pay cash. THat day, I arrived earlier than the check-in time and asked if there was an available room for me. They said yes, but asked me to pay a $50 USD, to have it. I said no, and promised to come back at the check-in time, and insisted I will pay cash. I stored my luggage at the lobby. When I came back, they told me that my room was cancelled, because of my credit card. I said to the lady, that I mentioned twice that I will pay cash, and that my luggage was stored. She said, there is no mention of what you are telling me, prove it. the sound of her voice was sharp.",4
5855, August 2017,Nice,I like it there great looking cation times square great view from window nice comfy bed easy access nice bathtub kids love it this room friendly people store 24 it's around the corner nice restaurant:),4
5856, August 2017,Pictures in website do not portrait the actual room size,"I sent my two girlfriends to this hotel based on the beautiful pictures posted on their website. When I called the hotel and spoke to a female manager (don't recall her name) to request two beds for my guests, she bluntly refused to give them two beds unless I paid more money for the two beds. The picture on their website for the standard room is beautiful and based price is $232.00. Not only did they did get two beds, they got the smallest room in this hotel. My girlfriends reported that the bathroom was so small, there was no room for a door only ""swinging saloon doors"" and the room was wrapped around the elevator which sounded like a roller coaster when in used. Very disappointed with this report from my girlfriends!!!!!",1
5857, August 2017,You get what you pay for,"OK, what was important for us was the location in Times Square and this is a great spot. Beds were comfortable and clean. Room was clean but small. Windows are old and do not block off noise at all, Should of asked for highest level as we were on the 4th floor. Forget about going to bed with air conditioner on as it makes a hell lot of noise !!! Maid passes vacuum cleaner in hallways very early in the morning so forget about sleeping in (but who wants to sleep in when your in NY) ? 9 o'clock would of been ok but not 8 ?? Watch hidden fees. They charge 30$ a head for admin fees ?? What the heck, just put it in the price so it doesn't P me off to pay that extra fee. Valet parking is 70$ a day not 65$ as announced.",3
5858, June 2017,Sightseeing,Situated just off of Times Square very quiet and clean helpful staff. Room itself very small but had everything we needed. Had somewhere to store our suitcases for the last day of our trip as we had a late flight. Would recommend this hotel.,5
5859, July 2017,Close Proximity to Time Square,The best thing about the hotel is the proximity to all the tourist attractions and offices. The room was spacious enough compared to NYC Standards. Clean. I spent 10 days and was treated well. Would consider staying at ROW the next trip as well. The staff were friendly at check in and check out.,4
5860, August 2017,Shantelle gives 5 star service!!,"I come here all the time and bring my artists to stay here in this hotel, this trip I had a problem with booking , and shantelle went above and beyond to help us get it all sorted out! She also acknowledged my daughter while they were fixing our reservation!! What should have been a stressful check in turned out to be so easy and we walked away laughing! :) kudos to Shantelle!!",5
5861, August 2017,,Although the hotel was in a good location for many NYC attractions we were placed in a room directly behind the elevators which you could constantly hear whenever we were in the room making it quite hard to sleep of a night.,2
5862, August 2017,Disappointing compared to last year,"No wash cloths, soap or free water bottle as advertised. Hard to find anyone to assist. When coming into the elevator area, obviously with the family and lots of bags from shopping, had to verify that I had room there. What family with children would ever be trying to sneak into the hotel. Ridiculousl!",3
5863, August 2017,Horrible Experience,The front staff was absolutely horrible. They were rude and disrespectful. They were not at all helpful. The rooms were incredibly small but offered a good location. The walls were paper thin. The bellmen were wonderful. I wouldn't recommend staying here unless you just want the proximity versus the experience.,1
5864, August 2017,Bad value,"Bad value for maney small noisy room, no wellcoming lobby, poor food choice in breakfast, all over avardice impression: every thing costs extra and is of low value for money. the staff is cold and brisk, no time appart maybe from the downstairs baggage holding men, some were nice. There is no awareness of ecology: Towels even if hung up neatly are exchanged every day.",2
5865, August 2017,OK but I wouldn't stay there again.,"Location is great if you're in town as a tourist, and the food at the neighboring eatery has a great selection. Luke's Lobster and the sushi place both have excellent food. Beds were fairly comfortable but my sister was bit by a spider or something our first night and the room itself is run down, which I wouldn't mind so much if it was cleaner. There was dust and debris on surface corners, a towel left stuffed behind the drawer with god knows what on it and just in general not much attention to detail. The bathtub is hands down the reason I'll never stay there again. It had one of those plastic covers you can get to put over ugly old bathtubs, which is fine, except whatever was underneath this one was clearly falling apart, the surface was uneven and there was water underneath",3
5866, August 2017,Kinky Boots Trip,"Our stay at the hotel was better than we expected, our room had a view of the lit up sign for the Broadway play we drove 15 hours to see...that was awesome!!! The location was perfect for us. It was close to everything we needed.",5
5867, July 2017,Row stay,Really great stay clean room amazing view I could see different theaters from my room which was cool the room itself was smaller than I expected it to be but nothing major to actually complain about would stay here again,5
5868, August 2017,Love Row NYC but the housekeeping staff needs training,"I ALWAYS stay at Row NYC every time I visit NYC, which is about twice a year. I'm always happy and comfortable there. Junior and Marcelo at the front desk are the absolute best. They are assets to the hotel. It's conveniently located to the subway, lots of eateries, and is in Times Square. My only issue during this stay is that the housekeeping staff was very subpar. One morning I took our Do Not Disturb sign off of the door because we were leaving within 10 minutes.A couple minutes later, a housekeeper barged in without knocking or announcing herself. I was in the bathroom at the time. Without me even saying a word, she said, ""well you took the sign off so you most need service"". I asked her to come back in 10 minutes, she sighed and left. When we returned to our room that",4
5869, August 2017,Very good,Loved the hotel. Very good room for the price. Awesome location for tourism. :) I would definitely recommend it! Hated the locker/luggage mafia. Guys were extremely rude and not wanting to help at all.,4
5870, August 2017,Love Row NYC,"Great location, great price, helpful people, very clean. Recommend ROW for anyone visiting. Good for families, couples, groups, school groups, whatever the occasion. Close to Broadway, great restaurants, and most popular sites.",5
5871, August 2017,Small & uncomfortable,"Although central to New York highlights, our room at the Row was very small and uncomfortable. The rooms are not as advertised and are too small for two people to be in at once. The walls are paper thin also.",2
5872, August 2017,T E R R I B L E!,"This hotel deserves one star for location, only!. They treat their guest as cattle. There is always a long line of people because scarce staffing. They add a ""resort"" fee of $30+ a night for elementary things as free Wifi. After waiting in line we asked the front desk to please give us a ""good room"" since it was my child's first time in NYC.They gave us a tiny little room, with one double bed for my son and I with a ""great"" interior view to a pipe and a garbage shoot. We called the front desk repeatedly to change rooms to no avail because no body seems to answers the phone in the front desk. Our bathroom had humidity and probably mold. The Row NYC is a sorry excuse for a hotel!",1
5873, August 2017,60 minutes to check-in lines,"The standing in the check-in line for 60 minutes with a half staffed desk was rediculous and should not have happened. The line was even when I reached the service desk. Poor customers!! Staff was unsympathetic once we reached the desk too. Staff member told me ""at least you get to go to your room after this and have to stay here and continue with this line of customers"".",3
5874, August 2017,Could Be Better,"Tea/Coffee facilities in rooms plus small fridge Felt like we were in a Backpacker accommodation Overall look of Hotel ...... TIRED Front Desk staff rude & abrupt , could be due to workload SO employ more staff Housekeeping excellent, polite & eager to please",2
5875, July 2017,excellent position,"we reserved a regular room but received a superior one with the view, and we where pleasantly surprised, We had nice view position is excellent, 100 meters from Times Square all services were good, rooms were cozy",3
5876, August 2017,my review,"unhappy camper because we paid for parking and we had to park and unload our own car because of the street closure, we could have been notified well in advance of the festival outside of the hotel! I don't know how much more we could say about what we went through just to walk to the hotel with two woman who are disabled!!",2
5877, July 2017,Incompetent/Rude Staff,"The check in process was disorganized. There was a line of 50 people waiting to check in and only 2 front desk clerks. After the hour long wait, we were informed there would be a $#5 resort fee for each day of our stay. When questioned about what the resort fee was paying for, the clerk said that they gave free water bottles with all you can drink water.I'm not kidding. Overall, the location is amazing and the rooms are okay... the service was deplorable.",2
5878, July 2017,Fantastic location,"Was overall a nice hotel, clean rooms but very small in comparison to many other hotels I've stayed at, no walking room but all we did was sleep there. There was a very nice quiet lounge to have a night cap at the end of the day with very personable staff, the concierge also was very helpful. I would stay again as I am told that all the rooms in New York are small. Just had to walk to the end of our block, up one block and we were on Broadway, we were able to walk to almost everything we wanted to see except the 9/11 Memorial, Statue of Liberty and Yankee Stadium. :)",4
5879, August 2017,"Great location, okay service/quality","Location was ideal because it was right in Times Square and was relatively inexpensive. The hotel was understaffed, however, and there was often a line at the front desk even to just ask a question. Also, the towels were not all clean. Overall it was a fine experience because of the good price and great location and we didn't spend much time inside anyway.",3
5880, April 2017,Beautiful Stay,"It was my 3rd stay at Row NYC, each time I had a wonderful experience, great location, it was near everything I needed, beautiful view, and most importantly very friendly staff, Super kind and helpful was the kind lady in front desk her name is .. ( Parizada ) she made me feel very comfortable and welcome. And made my stay very happy and beautiful experience in New York City, thanks Parizada. Thanks Row . 5 star for sure.",5
5881, August 2017,Repeat Trip,"We stayed here 4 years ago when the hotel was undergoing construction and said we would return, we have just come back from spending 4 days here with our two children 17 and 15, have to say it was great to be back, such a great location, everything is handy, Times Square, Metro to anywhere you want to go in Manhattan for sightseeing - the kids really enjoyed their stay. The staff were friendly from check in to check out - would definitely recommend",5
5882, August 2017,Service 5* with German Romero,"Realy good service (German Romero)! Thank you so much! Everything was perfect in my room, but just a little minimalism... I could be great if the hotel put a cofee machine on the room. Also My key card didn't work anytime Thank you again",5
5883, July 2017,no response to concerns,Left my expensive Bluetooth headphones in the room. Multiple emails went unanswered. No one picks up the phone when calling. Why bother having a loss prevention department if it will not respond to customers concerns?,2
5884, August 2017,Stay Here for the Location + Service + Great Value!,My friend and I have stayed at the Row twice for our annual shopping trip. We love the central location of the hotel in Midtown. We also favor the Row for City Kitchen which offers excellent breakfast and lunch options. The Row is a great value for a boutique hotel stay in Manhattan. Parizada provided excellent service upon our check-in and check-out making sure we had a great stay!,4
5885, July 2017,"Friendly staff, great location!","Good hotel and great staff especially Junior their front desk officer/staff who was really nice to us and gave us tips for the best places in NY. Excellent location, you're on Theatre District and 1 block from Times Square so you can't beat this location. The rooms aren’t that big but the staff is just awesome! We were received by Junior on our check-in and he definitely convinced us to stay there again next time my family goes to NY. He was really helpful, honest, provided us with a refrigerator, gave us leads on where to eat, where to go and where not to, I’d totally recommend talking to him.",5
5886, August 2017,Great Stay,"Excellent, clean accommodations. Friendly staff. Remote check-in and out allowed us to skip the lines at the front desk -- great process! Very convenient to many sightseeing attractions and Broadway theaters. Good places to eat close by.",5
5887, July 2017,"Miserable experience, start to end","After a disorganized check-in, the concierge tried to convince us to attend a timeshare-style sales pitch for a new property. When we finally got access to our room, it smelled terrible. REALLY terrible, like death. It was hard to spend more than a few minutes in the room. After a long argument with the front desk, they sent up the housekeeping manager, who confirmed that the room was uninhabitable. I'll never understand why the housekeeper didn't catch this when the room was being turned over. The housekeeping manager took the room out of service but the hotel was full and they had no other rooms to offer, so we were left with nothing. After another argument, we were given a refund and left to find another hotel in the middle of the night. I honestly can't recall ever having a",1
5888, August 2017,Very Nice!,"I prefer a smaller hotel and don't love Times Square but Row NYC was very nice and overall a very good experience. The room was clean, good size room, big bathroom, nice linens, friend staff, and very accommodating. I'll be back!",4
5889, August 2017,Sheri,"I would stay here again - All around a great experience- Very clean- very friendly staff - I was very nervous as this was my first time in New York City and you can hear some horror stories about hotels. But, staying at the Row NYC hotel turned out to be excellent. The rooms were small but very manageable - and the staff were very friendly - I thought the location was perfect - walked out of your door and everything was right there. I would definitely stay there again.",5
5890, August 2017,IF YOUR PAYING IN CASH BEWARE!!!!!,"Although this property had a great location, it has a front desk staff that apparently knows only how to charge a credit card. I paid for everything, including parking, in cash and front desk staff still charged my card. I AM NOT HAPPY!! Still trying to straighten it out. They LOVE those credit cards, but cash is taboo .",3
5891, August 2017,Great two night stay,We stayed at Row 4 years ago for 10 nights and loved it to bits so tried them again. Didn't disappoint had a great experience again. Checkin was fantastic and fast. Rooms were small but hey it's NYC we were on 7th floor and could hardly hear any outside noise. It's in a great location but it does get crowded as soon as you step outside so be ready to move in your direction as soon as.,5
5892, July 2017,Rooms much smaller than on picture. Very loud.,"The rooms were much smaller than it seems on the picture. Additionally we could hear every single noise, conversion or movement from the room next to us. The shower was falling apart and clogged. The bed didn't seem very clean and my skin was irritated after sleeping in it.",1
5893, August 2017,Great value stay,"For a relatively inexpensive hotel in Times Square, ROW NYC is a great choice. Great staff, clean rooms, comfortable beds. If you're looking for a conveniently located hotel that is clean and comfortable for a short stay, this is a great choice.",4
5894, August 2017,Newer Facade but Old Ratty Building,"Husband and I on business in New York. Row NYC seemed convenient. They try to be new but it's an old building, really rough edges, dingy/dirty feel to the place. There are many nicer hotels in same area - Riu Plaza is a block away. And Row charges 'resort fee' that's not in stated price - don't be fooled by this overpriced messy place.",2
5895, July 2017,Extremely poor communication,"Upon arrival, we were informed that the rooms were overbooked and we were not able to stay there. we were displaced and have yet to be refunded for the 2nd hotel that they promised would be covered by the Row. The staff handled the situation ok, but there should have been more communication to the customers as this issue had been going on for 2 days before we arrived (this fact was brought to my attention by a staff member). once we were able to check in, the stay improved but our room was not the type of room we paid for, as we just were put in whatever was available. we were given free drink coupons for our troubles, but that really does not make up for what happened.",2
5896, July 2017,"One-Night In Manhattan, Still Questioning Whether it was Worth It...","I booked a one night stay for my fiance's birthday to see a Broadway show. The location in proximity to the theater was unbeatable, which was the primary factor in selecting this hotel as the price was about the same as other hotels in the area. Upon arrival, the line to check in was extreeeemely long; literally, snaking through the front lobby. Although there is desk space for at least four front desk agents, only two were working to check guests in. One woman appeared to be setting up for her shift, but it took her so long that she still was not finished and ready by the time I made it to the front. This was a huge turnoff, as I wanted to get up to the room to rest, refresh, and eat before the show, and the wait to check in cut into that limited amount of time. Another turn",3
5897, August 2017,Horrible service and cleanliness,"The room was small looked like a dorm room, and the bathroom was not cleaned! We didn't have any towels or wash clothes, the bathroom floor, toilet and bath tub was dirty ! The service for calling housekeeping was always busy we had to call the manager",3
5898, July 2017,"Great Location. Clean, Basic excellence","The ROW is a great hotel for people who need the basics done excellently, but don't want fancy features. No snappily uniformed bell hops, smart dining etc. A great location right in the heart of the Theatre District (saw 2 shows). Comfortable room, good shower etc. a food court (City Kitchen) through the lobby and a coffee bar with snacks. Perfect for me & the family. Constantly busy in the lobby area & popular with flight crews this is surprisingly quiet. Handy for the subway too.",4
5899, July 2017,average,"wifi wasnt working but they removed the facility fee , there was construction and i wanted to change the room and they didnt agree , Although i ws just staying for one . tried to call the reception , operator and bell man for half an hr with no reply to get my luggage .",3
5900, August 2017,Very Poor Experience,"STAY AWAY - Easy going couple in our late 20's - Cockroaches in main lobby. - Long wait times. - Unfriendly staff. - Waited 1.5hrs after check-in time for our room. - Received late check-out as compensation for above, got locked out at normal check-out time, had to wait in long line again to resolve. - Small, smelly, damp and dirty rooms with a very loud a/c unit next to the bed and it felt like we were sleeping in the hall. - Toenail clippings on floor of room and dirt in sink. When we approached the front desk we were informed that all housekeeping staff were occupied and we should call for cleaning service the next morning. - Hidden charges of $32/night appear in fine-print after booking (Covers internet, plastic cups for filtered water and gym maint.)",1
5901, August 2017,terrible,Very dissatisfied. and disappointed with my whole experience with the room and the staff was not very nice at all I paid for a queen bed they tried to give me a full bed the I had to go to 6 floors to try to find ice and every floor I went to the ice machines was broke when I went to the front desk they told me that they would send me up some ice from the kitchen they sent me up and empty ice bucket when I ask the worker where is the ice he told me that's not his job when I called for some extra pillows it took them 5 hours to bring them that's after I called them at least 10 times,1
5902, July 2017,Great location,"This hotel is near everything you need to see whilst staying in New York. Reception and staff are nice but be careful you don't get charged a heap of extras at the wrong price. The corridors are dark, and the rooms are small but the bed was comfy just too much noise to get a good nights sleep. No tea or coffee facilities , no fridge, broken blinds, very noisy A/C, hazy view because the windows are so dirty, only 5 hangers , other peoples bits and bobs in the drawers, dirt and dust in every corner and very very thin walls. ! The bathroom needs updating and for some reason there was no plug for the sink , which I thought I could fill with cold water to keep our drinks cold, but just a big hole. There is an iron and hairdryer. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on",3
5903, July 2017,NYC Row Hotel,"We had a great time at this hotel. It was very clean, and it didn't have that ""hotel"" smell we dislike. Front desk was attentive, security was visible at all times and overall it had a great atmosphere. We loved having City Kitchen Restaurant inside the hotel. Menu would change for breakfast and lunch. We loved that! The fact that this hotel is located in Times Square makes many places accesible, but there are lots of people on the street too. We were in the 4th floor and the noise level was not a problem at all. Even though room was small for four people (two queen beds), we managed fairly well. We would have loved to have a little bit more space to move around. Overall it was a great experience to stay at this hotel. I would recommend it.",4
5904, August 2017,Not what I expected,"I stayed at The Row a few years ago and loved every moment of my stay. This time just felt ""meh"" for some reason. The front desk agent was extremely helpful when I checked in after midnight due to flight delays, but I made sure to call as soon as I landed to ask them to save my reservation for me. I had no idea there was a clean water initiative until I received a survey asking me if I knew about it. I do like the hotel, but for the price, I expected a little more.",3
5905, August 2017,"Fortunately, great rates overshadow Rude Staff",The location was great the rooms were great the beds were great and most of all the rates were great! The staff including the Managers should be replaced immediately! Typical NYC Attitudes & Zero Hospitality,2
5906, July 2017,Great location,The hotel location is in the heat of theatre district and close to everything a traveller wishes for. Fast speed wifi. Nice clean room. Love the big safe. The down sides were that I asked for city view and only got this little angle of view and window hasn't been clean in a while. I'd rather have a little bigger wardrobe and more hangers for longer stay.,4
5907, July 2017,convenient hotel,"This hotel is clean, safe, moderately priced, and is very convenient for travelers. The subway is steps away, there are many restaurants and theatres close by. McDonalds is down 1 block. It's in the middle of Times Square. Tourists bus tours pick up nearby too!!",3
5908, August 2017,Streamlined Stay,"ROW nyc is located perfectly- close enough to Times Square to be fun, but not in the middle of the chaos and the subway station is very close. Do not expect the typical luxury or mid-level chain hotel experience. The tone is hip and modern; the room efficiently minimalist, comfortable and clean. The lobby is always filled with people and feels very relaxed. The check in was easy and to check out you simply drop your key card in the box and you're on your way. Our stay could not have been nicer.",5
5909, August 2017,Not too good of an experience,"The carpet on the common areas and on the guest rooms were dated, dirty, and smelly. The AC unit in my room only worked the first night of my stay and it can't be fixed according to the maintenance staff.",1
5910, August 2017,Not clean and so old,"The room looked like it hadn’t been touched in years, the halls are small. The walls are too thin and people were screaming until 3 am. It was old and even the windows were so dirty I couldn’t see through them. Awful experience.",2
5911, July 2017,Centrally located - former Milford Plaza,"Centrally located. Very efficient regarding parking my car. Go to their website for special deals (I found one that included parking for one night at a reasonable price). The bathroom was very small, but sufficient for one person. The bed was clean and comfortable.",3
5912, August 2017,Excellent value,Great customers service- great location- efficient check in/check out process. Bellhop was friendly and fast to get you in and out! Bring your luggage to your car. The location can't be beat!!! The price at be beat,5
5913, July 2017,Terrible service and over charging on my account,"I stayed at Row NYC hotel for a week. Row NYC charged me three authorization amounts instead of one. Instead of charging $360, they charged me $1080. Despite showing the managers the additional transactions they claim that they cannot see the two additional transaction that went off my card. My bank confirmed that the additional transactions were charged to my card. Each Manager I spoke to told me a different story, the one mentioned that she was doing a reversal on my account but put through an additional charge. My only alternative is to file a merchant dispute through my bank because Row NYC is completely incompetent in assisting me! Staying there has been a terrible experience and I would not recommend it to anyone!",1
5914, July 2017,"Need more client service, the rooms are too smort and is too old building","Need more client service, the rooms are too smort, there are not client service and need more clean the halls are a litter big dark and after six o clock there is only one person in frint desk so if you need replace your card to open yout room you have to make a big line because only one person is working after that time.",1
5915, August 2017,An other amazing trip in NYC,We love staying at Row Hotel. The hotel is very very well located and affordable. Always very clean. The food district upstair is an very convenient. Impossible to walk over there without having an amazing passion fruit doughnut :),5
5916, August 2017,Horrible service and constant issues,Currently here for the weekend and it's been a train wreck of problems. First we pre checked in and they told us we'd get emailed when a room was ready. We saw other people check in after us and get rooms immediately. Then we waited in line again for almost an hour to get our room. Upon arriving the a.c is barely working and the bathroom is incredibly small. My bed sheets were stained with who knows what. After asking someone to come clean it and no one showing after half an hour I had to request it again and after a total of an hour of my initial promise to have assistance I was told there wasn't even any one who was working in house keeping. Our keys were deactivated once we returned from dinner and we had to wait in line for over 30 mins to get them redone. Didnt get house,1
5917, July 2017,It was ok,"We stayed in a nice room, but windows were extremely dirty, so we could not see well outside. Bathroom was moldy (black and pink). I work in the housekeeping area and I know that it is not ok. Those little things did not spoil our stay and we enjoyed it after all. Everything was quick and organized.",3
5918, July 2017,Great Place,It was so close to everything we needed! I would definitely stay here again! It was right around the corner from the show we were seeing and it was surrounded by lots of places to eat and drink. We loved the convenience and comfort.,4
5919, August 2017,In the heart of the theater district,Great location and good value at the former Milford Plaza location. Family friendly. A busy hotel right in the theater district. Modern decor. Valet parking available or you can park at numerous parking garages. I would stay again.,4
5920, July 2017,Great location near Times Square!,"Great location near Times Square! Only a few blocks away. Right across the street from subway station and Port Authority Bus Terminal. I wish the bathroom did not have the typical NYC urine scent. There must be a better way to get rid of this distinct bathroom scent. Also, I can't stand the black carpet.",3
5921, August 2017,Average,"Average, no frills. Liked the check- in and elevators; breakfast at the bar overpriced and small selection. No food at the bar after 10pm, so if you go to a show or a movie and want a drink with a bite- go elsewhere. Bed not very comfy. Did like the two shade option. Doubt will return",3
5922, July 2017,Great location,"We came here for a Broadway show the it was literally around the corner of the hotel room. Next door is a McDonald's. Everything was super convenient, the hotel was nice and small, we loved the beds and amount of TV channels they have. Will definitely book here again.",5
5923, August 2017,"Solid hotel, great location, friendly and helpful staff",This hotel is great. We got a nice room. It is well located in/near Times Square. Great eating options nearby. I don't from the front desk people to the bell boys you're a pleasure to interact with. We will be back,5
5924, August 2017,Raw deal and Row,"Rooms filled with cigarette smoke, bathrooms in very needed renovation, tiny room and could not even provide a normal size bathe towel - paper thin walls - heard people talking well into the late night and early morning, the AC unit poorly run and noisy. The bed sheets were clean and pillows were comfortable enough, but my overall experience by far not a pleasant one.",2
5925, August 2017,Great location. An hour to check in!,"Tiny room, but nice. Fantastic Location near theaters. But check-in line was 40 deep throughout our stay and staff appeared to be used to this. They were in no apparent hurry to move people along. Same scenario at bell stand.",3
5926, July 2017,"Location, Location,Location","In Midtown for an overnight sightseeing and a show. The location was perfect with Time's Square, Central Park, Theatre, and great food within walking distance. We did not spend much time in the room or the hotel but it was perfect for our trip. The City View King room was spacious and comfortable for NYC. The hotel has a cool vibe and the high end food court did not disappoint. We ate two meals there and a donut from Dough is a must in the morning. The Hotel was clean and staff helpful. I read reviews knocking the dim hallway lighting (true, but not an issue) We always felt safe and secure. We loved the elevator system and never had to wait even thought the hotel was slammed. I will recommend to friends and we will be back on our next trip to Mid-Town.",4
5927, August 2017,"Well located hotel , Average Short Stay","I was here on a short holiday with my Husband, who was on a business trip . Understand that the rates for this hotel is about US$300 per night . This is a well located hotel with close proximity to Times Square , Broadway shows, eateries etc . However , I would not recommend anyone to stay here if you want to feel 'luxurious ' especially if you like aesthetically pleasing rooms , good toiletries/amenities . The rooms are very small and do not have good vibe or feel to it . The toilets are super small and they don't provide shower gels - only bath soaps . Worst, the sound proofing is horrible - can hear the cars, vehicles, noises / movements from rooms / corridors . The reception area is always crowded and chaotic .",3
5928, August 2017,Great stay for a great price!,The hotel was very centrally located and well priced. The room was clean and well appointed. The view from my room was priceless! I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good deal in NYC.,5
5929, August 2017,Centrally Located Modern Hotel,"We have stayed at many hotels in NYC over the years. We found this on Hotels.com. It turned out to be a little more expensive then lets say the Edison, but the ambiance was so much nicer. There is a $30 resort fee per day that was tacked on after we booked the nonrefundable room. This included services we would not use, unlimited long distance and over seas calls, free internet access, and a gym. We were here as tourist and did not need any of this. But the information did not come up until after we did the final nonrefundable booking. The uniqueness of this hotel, the convenience of being so close to Broadway and near so many fine restaurants made this worthwhile. We had a large corner room with a view up and down 8th ave. The shades where real good at keeping the",5
5930, September 2016,Fab Hotel in an amazing lication,"Stayed 4 nights in the Row, New York and highly recommended. Great Hotel in the most amazing location. Centrally located with everything on your doorstep - 1 block down from Times Square. Friendly staff and a well proportioned room with everything you need.",5
5931, July 2017,"Great location, but needs to be updated.","Close to Time Square, but rooms are run down. Noisy air conditioner. My room wasn't cleaned twice. Had plumbing issues. Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. My best friend also stayed at the hotel and her room had a horrible smell. Will never stay here again.",2
5932, August 2017,Quick Birthday Getaway,"The check-in process was the worst I've ever experienced. The rest of the stay was fine, besides the ice machine being broken on our floor, the bed was definitely more of a full than a queen, a random security guard interrupting our sleep and waiting over an hour for an extra pillow. The location is great, the staff was kind and accommodating, and the City Kitchen had great service.",3
5933, August 2017,Not suitable for business travelers,"Your focus on budget, foreign travelers was both clear and disappointing. A wait of almost 30 minutes to check in is unacceptable, and it seemed as if most guests checking in ahead of me had problems with their reservation.",2
5934, August 2017,Front desk disaster,"This is styled as a European business hotel. Inexpensive, great location. Front desk is a disaster. Hour long waits to check in... we saw this every day for six days. Hotel has kiosk and on line check in that DO NOT work. When you ask staff about this they snicker. Other than the front desk I found staff friendly and helpful. If the front desk were straightened out this would be an excellent hotel but as it is I would avoid.",2
5935, July 2017,Classic East Trip,"Rooms can be small, but upgrades are available. Knowledgeable staff on the front desk, and housekeeping is very efficient. Great location close to the theater district and not far from Times Square , the subway and lots of places to eat.",5
5936, July 2017,"Great location, great price, great service","Spent 3 days at Row NYC celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary. Great service from Parassada at front desk, great room, saw ""Cats"" (saw it 30 years ago) and ""School of Rock""...both excellent. Easy walk to theatre, Times Square afterwards, many convenient restaurants, subway downtown, just a great place to visit New York.",5
5937, July 2017,Nice services,Amazing services with amazing peoples. The rooms was a little bit to small. We were 4 people in a a small rooms. The room was always clean. I was a little bit disapointed because we though that we would a little refrigerator but no there was not. On the level 10 has lots of noise in the morning because of the renovation. Overall we had a great services and a great welcoming by a great persone called Junior.,5
5938, July 2017,Better than expected,"Solid clean hotel, delivered on a room upgrade as promised, superb location, food court had good choices and had great hours, and all this was for a reasonable rate, better than I expect for one of the more affordable places....as far as Time Square rates go!!",5
5939, August 2017,No service at all! Making money and having as many possible guests!,"We were super disappointed about this stay for the money they charged us! Room was extremely small and not clean, staff was unfriendly, no water available, only a shop where you have to pay 4.50USD for a small bottle of water.... ETC.! We don't recommend this place, 4* is definitely something else.",1
5940, July 2017,Average over all,"Over all, it was fine. I stayed here because it was a good price and great location. Otherwise, probably wouldn't have stayed. Very dark interior, almost creepy. Very small room, and clean enough (or so it seemed but who knows). Booked a queen room but got a full instead. Wifi was absolutely awful. Overall, if not for the price and location I wouldn't have stayed, but because of the location and price it's fine. If you're just needed a place to sleep, you'll be alright.",3
5941, July 2017,Gals trip,"Four friends traveled to NYC, we stay at the Row because of it's ideal location and reasonable price. It's clean and food court has much to offer. The easy walk to theaters, Broadway and restaurants is a plus.",4
5942, July 2017,Fun!,"The hotel rooms were clean, the check in and check out system was easy! We used a dine in package and the food was great! The destination was perfect as it was in the middle of the busy city! The only suggestion I have for them is to fix the situation with double booking guests. But overall, it was a great experience and great hotel!",5
5943, July 2017,"Great location, great food","A few issues, but not necessarily all the hotel's fault. Awesome location for our first NYC trip. Friendly staff. If you've never been in a Manhatten hotel, they all suck (tiny, tiny, TINY) so in that light this is a 4-star hotel. Compared to anywhere else in the US that I've been, it's a 2 star on a good day. THE most comfortable hotel bed anywhere, however.",4
5944, July 2017,Great location.,"This was my 4th stay at the Row. Very convenient location next to all of the theaters as well as close to subway lines. Modern, clean. Checked in & out using my phone. Booked directly through their site and recived perks, inckuding a free ride to JFK and Starbucks coffee.",5
5945, July 2017,Great location,"The location is great if you want to stay close to all amenities that NYC offers. However, the hotel itself is very dirty: rooms need to be consciously clean. During the night, can be very noise. Don't expect a good customer service, they are horrible.",3
5946, July 2017,??? not understand the question,"the price was medium to high, the rooms was clean (good), the localization is perfect, the attendends were respecful but not speak portuguese or spanish (just english) but the mean problem was computers at lobby that does not working",4
5947, August 2017,Not sure how this hotel is 3.5 stars?,"Not sure how this hotel gets above average on TA. Small room and bathroom. Carpet with several iron burn marks. The trim on the closet had sooo many layers of trim paint the lock was almost invisible. Air conditioner was REALLY loud. Lat night they charged me $325, today advertised at $95? I have stayed in several hotels through Tripadvisor the last few years. This one is at the bottom.",2
5948, August 2017,bad experience at the Row NYC,"old , dirty , smelly and terrible service . When we checked inn we found flat sheet was dirty and smelly called 3 times to change them and after 3 entire hours somebody came . Location is really good and the restaurants are good as well. I reccomend to look to a better hotel in the vicinity .",1
5949, July 2017,Mariya,"Good service, great location, liked all in this hotel (starting from reception; rooms clean, all personnel is very helpful, etc.). I would recommend to stay in Row NYC. It is Times Square, but from my opinion the hotel is ""behind the corner"" and it is quite during night.",5
5950, August 2017,Good for the money,"Nice room. Sparce in-room amenities, but, that didn't matter as I only was in the room for sleeping. Very close to Times Square (only one block away). Bed was comfortable. A/C was good. No cups or water bottles in the room, though.",4
5951, July 2017,A very good hotel with excellent location,Excellent location (close to time square) Room with average size but Old and poor maintenance Not enough place for storage noisy at low levels (we were at the 10thfloor) Air conditionned very noisy good room service,4
5952, July 2017,Very nice hotel,"The hotel is very busy but can take care of every body. Facilitates your stay in the heart of NY. Easy access to tons of attractions. At a walking distance from Times Square, shops cafes and restaurants,,Clean and organized. Loved it.",5
5953, July 2017,Expensive for what it was,Room was super small. Bathroom smelled awful. Bathroom was also not clean.. Waited in line to check in for an hour. Was very expensive for what it was. Parking also very expensive. Was not impressed..,3
5954, July 2017,"Good location, but small rooms and noisy","Good location, but small rooms. You cant even put your luggage anywhere. You could hear everything from the street and other rooms. Little closet space. Air conditioning was so load that you cant have it on on the night. It became also very quickly cold. The hotel was nice besides of the rooms.",2
5955, July 2017,Like Staying In An Ikea Store,Stayed at Row while in the City on business. The price I got was very good for the Theater District / Hells Kitchen area. Hotel was clean and staff was nice. This is the old Milford Plaza redone. The furniture in the rooms look like they are straight out of Ikea. Chairs in the room are not very comfortable. There is no coffee machine in the rooms and getting ice can be a real pain. They do not have ice machines on every floor. I had to go to another floor for a machine only to find that there was no ice left. They have filtered water machines and they provide water bags in the room for the filtered water but same deal as the ice machines...the water is only on certain floors. The location is very convenient and the food service available in the hotel food court is pretty good.,3
5956, July 2017,The staff is friendly but the food and bar is terrible and the rooms are tiny with chipping paint and covered in rust.,"I would not recommend this hotel at all. First, the food is terrible, I ordered at the bar and the bar was covered in flies which steered me clear of the food at the bar. The next morning I ordered eggs and they were obviously boiled days before I was served, as they were dry and tasted terrible. Upon check out, I was told that I would be charged an additional $100 for fees and charges which I had already paid when I bought the room, the lack of transparency in their pricing should be illegal as they clearly do it to attract visitors and jack up the prices after they run your card. This is not to take away from the staff though, they were friendly and I cannot complain about them but when you have a union for the service industry the guests suffer as the staff does the bare",1
5957, July 2017,Interesting experience,"The location is good, easy to find good restaurant around. But a stranger, a white man suddenly open the door and came in while I was talking to hotel front desk on the phone. He said sorry then left the room. He has a key!!! So scared and dare not to sleep that night. The hotel's explaination not make sense. Won't come to this hotel any more.",1
5958, July 2017,Ok for Times Square,The hotel wasn't bad for Times Square but the bathrooms are small. It's close to a lot of restaurants. Housekeeping were very nice and gave us items we needed. We didn't get our room cleaned while we were there.,3
5959, July 2017,Review,"Good experience overall. Rooms could be a little cleaner, though. Great location, service was good, the check in service where I didn't have to wait in line was great, staff was friendly, view was good.",3
5960, July 2017,Would not recommend,This hotel is in a great location but I would not stay here again. The website makes this hotel look really nice so I was very disappointed when I arrived. The rooms are very noisy due to air con units outside the windows. There are no tea/coffee facilities in the room and no fridge. I requested additional pillows but they never arrived. Some of the rooms are so tiny. Not suitable for young children. I will definitely be willing to pay a little more to get a better hotel next year.,2
5961, July 2017,First visit to the big Apple!,"This was our first visit to New York and it did not disappoint! We arrived at the hotel around 4 pm we took a cab from JFK costing around $80 The hotel was very busy so there was a slight queue at check in, We were checked in by German Romero who was quick, helpful and very pleasant. Rooms here are basic but perfectly adequate, the bed was comfortable and the rooms were well cleaned daily. We had two teenagers with us so the speedy WiFi connection was welcome indeed. We did not use the gym or the restaurant area so am unable to comment on these facilities . The location of this hotel is perfect you are practically stepping out onto Times Square which is truly amazing! We found a cafe opposite the hotel which sold delicious bagels for breakfast and were very reasonably priced;",5
5962, July 2017,Disappointing stay- due to room price & cleanliness,We reserved a room through booking.com. The reservation was not honored for a king bed & city views. We were given room 1829 with double beds & a view of water tanks on the next door roof. The room was small & the bathroom was tiny. I am a petite person & my kness touch the door & the legs of the sink. The room was not clean felt dingy. The window shades were stained & dirty. The frame around the TV had dried stuff & smeared handprints. Also the baseboards in the hallways were missing with dirt & crumbled Sheetrock along the walls especially near the elevator area which felt & looked dirty,2
5963, July 2017,"Fool me Once, Fool me Twice, my bad!","So, I love and hate The Row. The concerge and customer service is horrible. The way they make you pay to store your luggage before a flight, is horrible, the fact that the online check in system never seems to be working, or that the front desk staff is we'll never there or never enough. Yes they have security to make sure no one unsavory gets upstairs, and now they serve pizza and have some better amenities, but I keep forgetting there is no refrigerator and no way to keep things cool in the heat of July in NY, it's difficult to regulate the air conditioning, there is no air conditioning in the halls so when you leave your room - well let's just say in 90 degrees it's not the best experience... no room service... look, if you want a stripped down hotel, it will serve your",3
5964, July 2017,Row NYC review,Staff were overwhelmed and sometimes discourteous but the location of the hotel is excellent (near Times Square). The price was reasonable and the gym was ok. Lines at the check in area were often quite long and the concierge desk was not reachable via phone.,3
5965, July 2017,vacation,The room was clean and the bed was super comfy!! The staff was friendly and helpful. We felt safe during our trip. We had a bad view but we didn't mind that aspect. Would definitely stay here again!!!!,5
5966, July 2017,Really good location,"Although the rooms were still quite expensive ($ 300 / night), it is still very good value for money in NYC. A tip if you want to save a little in New York, buy alcohol, snacks and drinks before entering the city. For example, we paid a 2 liter Coke plus a liter of water $ 13 Canadian in the small grocery store across the street from the hotel ... We would have barely paid $ 5 outside the city.",4
5967, August 2017,Hotel in Times Square Needing Improvement,"-Booked 8 nights for a room with a queen/double, but the hotel was overbooked and we were given a small room with two single beds. Fortunately, rooms were changed the next day, but no appparent compensation in price or service was given for the mixup. -Calls to the front desk go unasnwered (1 of 10 calls during the stay was answered). -Rooms were nice for the price, beds were very comfortable, and the housekeepers did a great job. -Great central location in New York. -A few staff were rude, especially during bag check at checkout where the main lobby/entrance was a zoo.",2
5968, July 2017,"Basic rooms, great location","We stayed here as part of a bus tour. The rooms are just basic, with no coffee maker or fridge. They were modestly updated and clean for the most part, however they could have been cleaned in a better way. Being part of a group we have no idea what price we paid, but we did have free wifi, and the wifi worked very well in our room, 1856. We didnt eat at the City Kitchen food court, and only had drinks at the bar, and the drinks are very pricey. Found a liquor store about 4 blocks down 8th Ave...wish I had found that earlier. The location is superb, literally a block from theaters and Times Sq and theres a subway connection two blocks away.",3
5969, July 2017,Could be better,"The location of the hotel is great, the lobby is very nice. Amenities are very good. The problems were the long checkin lines, automated checkin machines were sketchy and did not work that well, this may have contributed to the long checkin lines. The carpets in the room are old and the window was filthy. The bathroom was clean, but this is an old hotel despite some of the pictures making it look modern.",3
5970, July 2017,A,I could not check the boxes below as i have an issue with my laptot: - Service; Terrible - Cleanliness: Normal - Value- Terriblae - Location: Normal - Sleep quality: Terible (noise + cleaning service waking me up at 10 am when i could have my room at 2 am) - Room: Normal,1
5971, July 2017,Not what we paid for,The overall hotel was not bad nor was it dirty. I was disappointed that this was family trip and we had to be divided. At first the rooms they wanted to give us was not even close together. Finally after 20 min speaking to the agent she finally said she would called the manager. He was the one who was able to finds us 2 rooms at least side by side so it would be easier with the luggage.,3
5972, July 2017,Perfect location in nyc,"The hotel is perfectly located, near restaurants and Broadway Theaters. Perfect place for a getaway in the city if you are only looking for a hotel to sleep. The bed was quite comfortable as well. It is a very busy and impersonal hotel, but once you check in that is not a problem.",4
5973, July 2017,Central Location,"We stayed at Row for a quick overnight Sunday stay. The hotel is quirky when it comes to the elevators and decor, but it is certainly efficient and uses space well. Rooms are small and compact, as most are in NYC. Our room was clean, with good water pressure, adequate towels, and the noise level wasn't bad. Be prepared for a wait if you need the front desk for anything, but once you get to talk to a person, they're helpful. My complaint is that they put an extra charge (about $100) on my credit card more than my paper bill slipped under the door indicated. I was told it was a hold put on for 'incidentals', though I'm not sure what that could have possibly been-it's not like there's room service. If that issue resolves, I'd stay there again.",4
5974, July 2017,Recommendations,When we got to the hotel we had purchased the standard room and they gave us a superior room which was available but the view was terrible I would have preferred a standard room with a better view....,3
5975, July 2017,Bad surprise on the bill despite good experience,Our experience in the hotel is overall quite poor - the location is very good - the atmosphere is modern and the design is good - but the family room that we had for 4 persons (room 420) was very small (we have seen through open doors bigger rooms though) However we were upset to see an unexpected facilities fees of about $30/night (Inc. Tax) that was a very bad surprise and that was a significant increase from our budget and spoiled our stay (we would not have gone there at that price) and we felt we were trapped,2
5976, July 2017,Great location,Loved the location. Staff was very friendly. Very clean hotel. Requested extra towels as there were 4 of us in the room - did not get them. Room is extremely small with no space for suitcases for 4 people.,3
5977, July 2017,Trendy but calm,"We just stayed at Row NYC. It has a great location in mid-town, close to Broadway and Times Square. That having been said, the neighborhood is super crowded and busy with tourists. Yes, of course we knew that on booking..but it is CRAZY crowded in the summer. One block over, 9th Ave has fantastic restaurants and fun shops and more incredible restaurants. We used Uber bc it was CHEAPER THAN THE SUBWAY, incredible, right? With four ppl, Uber was super cheap. The hotel was really packed when we checked in, but they got us checked in really quickly and were very friendly. A lot of international tourists also chose this hotel. I was expecting it to be loud and crazy at night (like the lobby) but it was sooooo quiet. Amazing. The rooms are average sized for NYC, beds were soft and",4
5978, July 2017,Disappointment,"That was my second stay at this hotel. I booked it because I stayed there 2 years ago, and absolutely loved the location. Service was Ok, something expected. But, this time it was nothing but consistent disappointment, one after another: starting with room degrade, hair in a bathtub, housekeeping, etc.",3
5979, July 2017,Great location,"Few blocks from all theaters. Many restaurants at walking distance. Very well located. It s a save area, near sabway stations and Citybike kioskes. We had a great experience. My only suggestion is to speed up the internet service.",4
5980, July 2017,family vacations on tour to canada,the hotel is excelent .. needs more food options 24 hours. looby needs more seats for quest. check in to slow for american citizen . needs one line for american . other line for other country clients checking in. overall rating ... good .,4
5981, July 2017,NYC Family Vacation,Overall the stay was pretty average. The rooms were a little smaller than I had anticipated and the hotel is in need of some upkeep. The check-in was seamless and the elevator system works like a dream. The location of the hotel was near Times Square and the theater district making and had plenty of subway stations near the hotel making it easy to get around.,4
5982, July 2017,Quick & Easy!,I love staying at ROW NYC when in New York. Location is great. Food is great. Parizada checked me in and the process was very fast and easy and she was also super friendly and has a great sense of humor as well.. Thank you so much!. I will definitely be coming back to stay at Row NYC.,5
5983, July 2017,Nice place near Times Square,"Loved the location, close enough to Times Square and easy access to train stations. Room was tidy and okay. Great use of room space. Comfy beds. Loved the easy access check in and room was ready earlier than expected. Would stay here again😀",4
5984, July 2017,A great way to be in the heart of the city,"The Row was great! It had energy and flavor and was very central to everything we wanted to do while in the city. The rooms are not overly large but they are well organized to maximize the space, the feel of the hotel was awesome and the staff friendly and efficient, I will stay there again next time I am in town",5
5985, July 2017,"Great Location, Friendly Staff","Staff were helpful and friendly at Row NYC, and the location could not be better if you're seeing shows, or looking for great restaurants. On the downside, the check-in line was seemingly endless--always a line (sometimes snaking through the whole lobby) at the front desk whenever we walked through the lobby.",4
5986, July 2017,Quick NYC on a budget,Everything was excellent from check in to check out. Front desk person Parizada was fabulous and considerate. She was knowledgeable and personable. What a great first representation of ROW. The rooms were clean and the hotel was fairly priced and convenient to EVERYTHING. Would definitely stay again and have already recommended to some folks with budgets to think about. Elevators were awesome!,5
5987, July 2017,Good choice,"An ok, clean and safe hotel. Great location close to Times Square and Broadway theaters! Friendly and helpful staff. Odd elevator system, but once you get the hang of how it works it's really clever. I often find that wifi services does not work as well as it should in hotels, but at the Row I had no trouble at all. It was easy to log on and the connection was good and reliable throughout our stay. The room we got was very simple and basic, but nothing was broken and cleaning was good. Hotel standards are average while the staff deserves to be rated higher.",3
5988, July 2017,Service was good but room was very old and dirty.,"Although customer service was decent, I wouldn't go back due to poor room condition, very old, and bathroom was very sticky possibly due to old plumbing system. Everyday after we'd come back at night, the bathroom would have a very strong foul plumbing odor.",2
5989, July 2017,Great hotel near time square,Great hotel near time square. Very clean and modern. Loved that i could do the check in from my phone. Very well located on 8th Avenur. Very close to the1st pick up point of Top View tours as well. Parking lot was very close to the hotel,5
5990, July 2017,Great location,"Love this place, its centrally located and a great value for a single girl in NYC. Its minutes from all the attractions, cabs are easy to get right out front and the subway is a short distance. ive stayed at other hotels and always end up coming back here.",4
5991, July 2017,Theater Weekend!,I recently stayed at Row NYC for a theater weekend with my family. We loved the hotel and all of the amenities. The staff was very friendly and helpful. During checkout I planned to use the Express Checkout method. Inadvertently I forgot to leave my keys and ended up bringing them back to Maryland with me. I was concerned that I may be charged an additional day. I contacted management and they immediately reassured me that there would be no additional charges. Needless to say I am very happy with the customer service. I am already planning a trip back to NY. I will definitely be staying at Row NYC again.,5
5992, July 2017,"Had high hopes, those hopes went up into flames.","I spent about two hours researching hotels and reading reviews before deciding on this hotel. We were going to NYC for my graduation trip and taking my two step daughters (age 9 and 7 it was going to be their first time there). We had been to the city before so I knew what to expect as far as the hotel rooms in the city, meaning they aren't huge and it is actually hard to find a room/reservation that has 2 double beds. I PAID IN FULL for our reservation for this very reason, meaning I EXPECTED to have our TWO BEDS available. I even called in advance and told them we would be arriving to the city late (11pm) that night but PLEASE don't give away our room because we had 4 PEOPLE and we needed OUR 2 BEDS. BTW when looking for hotel rooms there were tons of reservations that had",2
5993, July 2017,From Thailand,"We stay 14 days, location is good, room size is quite small but okay, BF only coffee fruit bskery, HK team was realy need to be push sometime, the best is Free water at all time , internet is really 5 stars grate",3
5994, July 2017,"Top location, decent rooms","Stayed here for a couple of nights. The location was great, rooms were nice and staff were helpful. No idea how much it cost as work paid for it. Would stay here again if I could afford a trip back to NYC.",4
5995, July 2017,Great location,"The hotel is a block from Times Square. The room was very nice- had everything we needed and at a good price. We could walk to most places we wanted to see - Central Park, Tomes Square, Broadway show, restaurants, and bus tours.",4
5996, July 2017,City View,"This was my first time a Row-NYC. The Hotel is in a great location, very close to Times Square and the Garment and Theatre Districts. It was convenient to have a Bar and Restaurant next to the Lobby. I had a great View of the City from the 28th Floor.",4
5997, July 2017,Midtown hotspot,"Beautiful hotel with above average sized rooms for NYC. The shower was a little weird, only providing half of a door and creating a bit of a mess on the floor. Other than that everything was clean and like-new. Very busy hotel but did not hear any other guests in their rooms.",5
5998, July 2017,Overall good value in a great locataion,"Clean and convenient. Some rooms very small. If you get a room that backs up to an elevator you will experience a significant amount of elevator noise. But, overall a good value before all of the taxes and fees are added (50% additional).",4
5999, July 2017,Clean and comfortable.,"Rooms and bathroom are on the small side. Great location close to theaters, Times Square, and tons of restaurants. City Kitchen on property is wonderful for breakfast, lunch, or low key dinner. Everything was clean. Beds were comfortable. B",4
6000, July 2017,Wouldn't stay here again,"Wait times for check in, bag check or any guest assistance took waaaaay too long. Our room was immediately behind the elevator bank and incredibly loud all night. Rooms are not particularly clean or chic, and are very small (as in, ""Could you please sit on the bed so I can walk past you?"" small). Only plus is it's just half a block to the 42nd street subway stop.",2
6001, July 2017,Great value for money,"We spent a week in this good priced hotel that has the best location possible. At first we where given a very tiny room, but when we complained they moved us to a bigger one that made our stay on NY very comfortable. Receptionists Cesar and Shantelle were really nice to us.",5
6002, July 2017,Very nice hotel,"Check-in was very pleasant with Parizada. What a nice lady. Room was very nice. I just didn't like how they sneak in a useless ""Facilities Fee"". It's like 'nickel and diming' you to death. Nice place, just left a bad taste in my mouth with garbage fee's.",3
6003, July 2017,Back For The First Time,I've stayed at this hotel multiple times however this stay was different. I was shoved in a tiny room behind the elevator which kept me up at night with the constant creaking of hotel guest calling it up and down. I was ever more so disappointed in my hotel bathroom. It seemed as if it had been used right before I got there. There were open shampoo/conditioner bottles along with someone's personal body wash left in the bathroom. They also left their towel behind over the shower rod. I was glad it was a simple overnight stay because I would have had to choose another hotel.,3
6004, July 2017,"Good location, good price",We stayed at the Row July 27th the price was reasonable and check in was prompt and quick. The front desk associate Zac was helpful and courteous. The rooms were small but clean and perfect for us since we did not spend much of our time in the room. Great location in hells kitchen and convenient to restaurants and shopping. We would stay here again !,5
6005, July 2017,Could be better,"Location is great, closer to theaters, transportation and restaurants. Rooms are decent size, but carpet was stained and paint was chipped and dirty on walls and doors. Moderate priced, would expect the room to be in better condition. No ironing board or refrigerator. But there was an iron.",3
6006, July 2017,average hotel,average hotel in very busy part of city. long wait for check-in. room smelled like cigarette smoke. would not choose this hotel again. convenient that it was right around the corner from the broadway theaters.,3
6007, July 2017,New York experience,Very good experience. Great location. Very helpful staff. Very clean. Very small room and need to improve bathroom facilities. I will recommend it. I was in room 509 very small but with two twin beds.,4
6008, July 2017,HORRIBLE,The staff treat you like you are bothering them. The entire hotel is filthy. The rooms and bathrooms were dirty and smelled. Left and stayed at a different hotel. This is definitely NOT a 3 star hotel (1 or 2 stars at best). Would NEVER stay here again.,1
6009, July 2017,Amazing Place to Stay,"The place is awesome! Haven at the center of the busiest city in the America. Although the City never sleeps, the hotel is very comfortable and offers a relaxed atmosphere. Shops and restaurants are close by.",5
6010, July 2017,NYC Stay,The hotel was nice great location walking distance to many attractions. Guest services was nice and very helpful. The hotel rooms were a little outdated as far as the bathtub being molded and dirty looking. The bathroom was the size of a airplane bathroom very small space. I don't think I would stay at the Row hotel again the quality just did not match the price. The bed sheets were old and needed to be replaced. Overall there are much nicer hotels in NYC for the same price.,3
6011, July 2017,Great,Our experience at the Row Hotel was enlightened by the courtesy of Shantelle at the reception desk. She took the time to explain the different services and she managed to select rooms according to our needs. We even got a free breakfast!,5
6012, July 2017,Reasonable accommodations for the price,Reasonable accommodations for the price. Unfortunately my room was next to the elevator in very noisy all night long. The shower curtain did not extend to the floor causing the bathroom floor to be flooded during my shower. The room was definitely on the smaller side.,3
6013, July 2017,Husband's first visit to NYC,"We came into town (from Arizona) and were greeted promptly and courteously at check in. Nothing outstanding about the room... it served just fine as a place to sleep and shower. We were there for only a short 4 days so we didn't enjoy many of the amenities offered. There are only 2 reasons we would return to the Row NYC property. 1) Location- convenient to literally everything we wanted to do. 2) Josie- in the bar. Josie knows how to keep customers perched on their seat... a benefit to bar revenue. With the hundreds of places New York offers for cocktails, we preferred to return to the Row! Feeling comfortable (for out of towners) in a Hotel bar is not very common. Josie made us feel comfortable, welcome and important! Thank You Row and Josie for a very memorable visit! Clark",4
6014, June 2017,Good location but disappointed by the reception staff during check in,"We had booked this hotel for a family room (2 double beds) as we were traveling with kids. As NY was our first point on arrival from India, we had sent an email to the hotel informing them that our flight will be arriving JFK around 11 pm and we expect to be at the hotel by midnight. We had already paid for the rooms through Hotel.com and were charged for the full payment (including the day of arrival). When we reached the hotel around 12:30 at night (from JFK - After a long 20 hour journey from India including a 3 hour stopover at Heathrow), we were informed by the hotel staff at reception ""Your room has been given to someone else as you are arriving so late. Now come back next day after 2 pm and we will provide you with a room!!!"". We asked her how could you do this when you",2
6015, July 2017,Won't be returning,I didn't like how dark the hallways were it looks depressing. The lobby smell like sewage especially near the bathroom. We call down to the front desk several times and most of the time we got an automated recording. We had to repeatedly ask for towels and we never received them until we went to housekeeping personally and got the towels ourself. I did think the lobby was beautiful. And for the most part the staff was pleasant.,3
6016, July 2017,Bad dirty hotel,"The line to check in was huge because only 2 people were working. Also the concierge was super rude. I arrived on a Thursday night and had meetings since early friday morning. My room was really dirty and smelled awful, I called the front desk ro let them know about the situation and they said they would call me right back to change me to another room but no one called. The next day as soon as I got back to the hotel from my meetings I called again and explained again what happened and that my room smelled awful and they said to bring all my stuff to the lobby and they would have a room for me, so I did. 5 minutes later at the lobby no one new what I was talking about and said I had to wait 4 hours for a room which is unacceptable when 5 minutes before they said that the room",1
6017, July 2017,2nd Time at the Hotel,"I went back to ROW because I had a good experience with this hotel last year. The room is not large, but spacious enough for Manhattan standards. But what makes up for the small size is the quality of the bed and sheets. I also find that the cleaning staff work hard and makes sure the room is clean. The lobby has a cool vibe as does the decor. The fitness studio also has everything you need.",4
6018, July 2017,Average,"Overall a fairly positive experience.very small room but fairly clean. Great location, lived that it is located in the theatre district, lots of restaurants within an easy walk. Right at Times Square, near Central Park and tons of other activities and tourist sights.",3
6019, July 2017,Annonymous,"Hotel was in close proximity to everything. Room was clean. Staff members were knowledable and very helpful. However, there were no refridgerator and microwave in the room. Sometimes, people may want to just stay in their room, store snacks in refridgerator and re heat when necessary.",4
6020, July 2017,ractism,first check in experience was terrible，perrty sure the woman in the front desk is a racist she pretend doesn't understand what i am talking about and keep saying what are you talking about and even say can you afford the price of the hotel??!!. than no clean on second day，the only thing make me satisfied was the laction.,2
6021, July 2017,4 days in NYC,"The hotel wasn't as beautiful and new as we expected after seeing the different photos on the web site. It needed a lot of reparations. Due to it's excellent location, the noise was awful and we could hear the taxi and car horns down the street all night long as long as police/firetrucks sirens. Also we had bed bugs bites the first two mornings. We asked to change room and our request was granted promptly. The second room was bigger and we didn't ad any more new bites after that. I must say that the staff gave us an excellent service, every one was friendly and kind to us.",3
6022, July 2017,"If all you care about is location, this is your stop!","The best thing I can say about the Row is it's proximity to the theater district. Aside from that it is a cold, noisy almost depressing place. Even with the upgrade it was a great disappointment. I will not go back, nor would I recommend this site to anyone",2
6023, July 2017,"Great location, great value!","Location is the best thing, you can walk to everything! Clean rooms, decent size, polite staff. The gym was a bit better than expected, had a little more to offer than most hotels. Wifi was a nice bonus.",4
6024, July 2017,Tight and dusty,"Cannot beat the location. The manager is very helpful. Fair warning do not book over the phone, upon arrival ther receptionist stated that the reservation I made was a third party not the ROW hotel. But I called the number on the website and the confirmation email stated a different 1866 number that stated R reservation counter. I booked a 2 rooms with 2 queen beds and they wanted to give me a standard bed. The hotel was too dusty, the floors are glimmering with dust. Also you will be billed extra for wifi $30 per room. And do not bring your car because they use a third party parking service who will intimidate their customers for more tips and they drive your car like a race car in their parking lot. A guy named Oscar is the worst he was so rude and stated that he was not",2
6025, July 2017,Super busy hotel,Check in line was almost always busy and crazy. The cleanliness of guest room and bathroom was not up to standard and needs to improve. Overall service was so so. I do understand this as the hotel was always packed! But I still found some staffs that were very helpful (one was Rob).,2
6026, July 2017,Bring your own cleaning supplies and sheets...,"5 nights at ROW NYC. Of course we selected it for the price and location and expected a small, crowded hotel. Which we got, plus dirt, marijuana and chaos. LOCATION: You're actually better off staying away from 8th and walking a few blocks to the theatres. The street is SO crowded and it's hard to get a cab. If you don't tip the ROW NYC man on the street getting cabs he'll make sure you know how displeased he is. LOBBY: It's is absolute chaos 24/7. People everywhere, sitting on the stairs, the floor. Crowds at the elevators because they had a system where you punch in your floor number and it tells you which ""letter"" elevator to go it. It's a cluster. And the lobby looks nothing like the website. ROOMS: In all my years of visiting New York I have NEVER encountered such a",1
6027, July 2017,Small room,The price is more expensive than u think with a small room. I had stayed there for couple time but I still don't like the way for the bathroom use. The room is pretty tight and small but it expensive but it good that's in the city,3
6028, July 2017,Hidden fee!,"Overall hotel was nice but I am not happy because we have to pay $32 hidden fee for ""business facility"" such as wifi. So if you are willing to pay for it, it's fine. The hotel is in good location and room was small but comfy.",3
6029, July 2017,"If I stay in Midtown again, I'll be back!","This hotel was great--perfect location, fun atmosphere, friendly staff, and decent-sized room for the price. They were also great to work with while I dealt with a canceled flight and change in my travel plans.",5
6030, July 2017,Row NYC was great!,"Row NYC is in a great location and you can walk to shows, shopping and subway! The rooms were clean and the beds and pillows were very comfortable. There is a food court in the hotel which was great when we needed something quick.",5
6031, July 2017,The worst experience in a hotel in my life...,"This is by far the worst. We try to check in around noon and was in line for 1hr and was told that room is not ready and ask for email so they can Notify us when the Room is ready but sidnt get the email untill 6:30pm. We're promise for double but only got a single bed and when I request for Conforter and extra pillows, but housekeeper guy was so rude in mean and acted that why am I bothering him, Brought the pillows but never brought comforters and was told that they don't have extra ones. Really? Never again....",1
6032, July 2017,Never go back!,We definitely won't go back again.... it's so bad and the bathroom smells . Noisy and lazy staffs... very unprofessional. When we ask for a comb they called back told us they have and sending up to the room shortly then the staffed came told us they actually don't have comb..,1
6033, July 2017,Inadequate,"Apart from the excellent location, the service was poor and the quality of the rooms inadequate compared to the room rate. When arriving the reserved rooms were no longer available, and we were underclassed; Then to retrieve the next day Another room just as small",2
6034, July 2017,Stinky rooms,We booked 6 nights at this hotel but could not get rid of the terrible smell in the rooms. We went out and bought Febreeze and sprayed the rooms three times a day but could not get rid of the smell. Cleaning lady was very good and was very apologetic but we were still stuck with the smell. Almost smelled like sewage. Main room was certainly a bit better with the bathroom door closed. Fortunately we were able to mask the smell enough with Febreeze while we slept.,2
6035, July 2017,My honest opinion,"Super GREAT location, right around the corner from everything. Loved their food court, The City and Shake Shack right across the street. Room was clean and great to have a water bottle dispenser on every floor. The air conditioner was a bit noisy but once we made a few adjustments it was fine. Felt safe knowing that you need to show your key before entering the elevator. We'd def book again, if the price was right.",4
6036, July 2017,Prime Location in NYC Times Square,"The hotel is located at the prime location in Times Square New York City, around the Theater District where is the area of most NYC entertainments. Many restaurants around the area which are operating on long hours, making the Hotel is very convenience for exploring NYC.",4
6037, July 2017,Simple but clean,"Very minimalistic hotel, but everything was clean and the location was great. It had everything we needed and anything else was but a short walking distance. Even though the room was relatively small it was still plenty big enough for myself and my wife. It was perfect because it had just enough considering we didn't plan on spending much time there. Great price for the location also.",4
6038, July 2017,Good hotel with fare prices,"Good hotel with fare prices. Good location, near the time square. Many restaurants around. Many attractions around. Very close to subway station (42th street, bus authorities). We paid about 740$ for 3 nights (without breakfast). There are many coffee shops with breakfast near the hotel (about 10-15$ per person).",4
6039, July 2017,Avoid room 932,Noise from elevators was unbearable. No way to sleep. I needed to listen music in my headphones to cover the noise and be able to fall asleep. They should not rent this room or at least they should notice you and offer special price but would not take that room anyway,1
6040, July 2017,My Stay at ROW,"I went to NYC for a concert, I had 3 nights with ROW NYC and I really loved my stay? They have a good view and they're in the center of everything you can ever need, there employees are so great they're respectful and they all look good with bright smile",5
6041, July 2017,My worst experience in USA!,"Bad bad bad, this room was too tiny. It is not supposed to be a family room. We put one of our luggages on the iron table. The others stayed closed. We were standing one by one to get dressed. Only two small drawer and a tiny dressing.",1
6042, July 2017,Do not book with this property!,I had a cancelled reservation and even contacted the property prior to the stay to try to make sure I wasn't charged. But they refused to help and still charged me. It's obvious they don't care about customer service.,1
6043, July 2017,Loved it!,"Hotel was excellent, very modern and clean. Definitely recommend it, especially if wanting to stay in Time Square! Love the filtered water on our floor! Everything we wanted for a girls long weekend trip!",5
6044, July 2017,"Great location, but that's it.",Location of the hotel is wonderful. The smell in the halls and elevators cancel out the convenience of the location. The LONG lines to speak with someone at the front desk is ridiculous! Anytime of day.,3
6045, July 2017,Great for a City Visit,"My family and I stayed at the Row NYC for 2 days during our trip to New York. For the price, the location is amazing- near everything! The hotel is pretty clean, and the rooms are small- but you should expect that for a NY hotel. The staff was very friendly and there are places to eat right nearby. The only think I did not like was there is a $30 per night ""amenities"" fee that they hit you with. I used a 3rd party booking site and had to pay it twice- so book directly with the hotel to save yourself some money.",4
6046, July 2017,Hotel in the hart of NYC,It is a good hotel if you are Spanish speaker. At the entrance you can find many offer for trips in Spanish. Also you can find many restaurants nearby where breakfast is a bit expensive but really tasty.,4
6047, July 2017,"Excellent location, tiny rooms","Some rooms are looking to the AC facilty are very noisy. On our first day we have been given a room for 4, very noisy and very small, not enough drawers to settle our clothes etc. When we complained we got a room with enough space, large and larger windows and was quite on the 27th floor. Excellent location, but loby is also very crowded, long check in queues",4
6048, July 2017,Miserable,"$70 to park per day overpriced. Rude people at front desk. They don't allow late check out. Hidden fees. Mobile check in is a joke.. doesn't work. Waited on line over an to check in, which made me late for an event. Employees working at front desk drinking and eating while working in front of guests is very unprofessional.",1
6049, July 2017,Great location but not the cleanest,"Bummed to report that while this hotel has the potential to be awesome because of location and cool vibe in the lobby and that little "" food court"" area... the room and the bathroom were pretty dirty and that was gross and kind of a deal breaker for me for future NYC visits. Sorry Row, I'm breaking up with you. :(",3
6050, July 2017,Row NYC,Excellent all round - great city view - worth the extra charge - very clean - comfortable bed - enough space in wardrobe which makes a nice change - fridge and coffee maker would improve overall quality,4
6051, July 2017,"Birthday Party June 30-July 1, 2017","My wife's birthday celebration was held @ the Lobby Lounge Club. We had an amazing party the service was spectacular! at the bar and food service. Special shout outs to DJ NOC BOOTS! Tony, Jose, and Carlos who hands down handled the whole function by themselves! My wife was thoroughly surprised by the event and it was extra special that the service was professional and attentive. The hotel room was large and amazingly clean for a NYC Hotel...I work in the industry and this place is a little oasis in the middle of Timesquare! The front security staff and bell staff can use a little polishing...(better customer service). Overall the experience was fabulous!",5
6052, July 2017,the stay was very pleasant,The location of the hotel is perfect in time square and the service was very pleasant and helpfull. The room was not so large but very clean. It was a good return for the money. The breakfeast is corect but you have to go there early ( before 08:30) every one want to eat at 09!,4
6053, July 2017,Good stay !! Excellent location,Good place !! Centrally located on Times Square ! Rooms are a bit smaller than expected ! Overall a decent place for your visit to NY . Staff is courteous and friendly . We had a comfortable stay at row,4
6054, July 2017,Great location!,"Loved the location and the nice decor. The room can be small for some people, but it was perfect for me and my daughter. One negative thing was that the restaurant that was supposed to serve our breakfast (included in the room rate) was not open at 6:30AM, even later, and we had to go somewhere since we needed to check out. However, the location was great - especially if you are going to a Broadway show and wants to stay out until very late!",4
6055, October 2016,Great hotel & location.,"Me and my wife stayed here for 5 nights. Perfect location, two minute walk to Times Square. Everything nearby. The drinks at the bar expensive. Rooms are funky but small. Reception area is always very busy.",5
6056, July 2017,Hotel that saved my New York experience,Stayed at an uncomfortable Airbnb in Brooklyn when we decided to look for a hotel in Manhattan instead. Found a nice room for two people for a very reasonable price. Much more comfortable than our Airbnb and for not much more money.,4
6057, July 2017,Row NYC,"The hotel is at a great location! Very easy to travel wherever we wanted to from there. And I liked the elevator system, different elevators are specifically picked for your specific room, so no unnecessary stops. However, the room was not cleaned as well throughout our stay. We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days and have to say I wasn't as impressed with the level of cleanliness through our stay.",3
6058, July 2017,"Dirty bathroom, old style room........ clean the heating, behind the mirror in the bathroom ........","Mold in the shower, 1 cm dust behind the mirror in the bathroom, 2 cm dust on the heating.. o lot of dirt for 4 stars and 500 Dollar for 2 nights without eating!!! Impersonal touch, like a guest I feel like an animal. I can't recommend this hotel.",2
6059, July 2017,Location was great. Room was great except for teeny bathroom-when you sit on the toilet you are touching the sink!,Check in procedure is strict and completely ridiculously understaffed! Front desk staff won't even acknowledge your presence until they are ready to! The only friendly encounter was housekeeper! Concierge was rarely present as well.,3
6060, July 2017,"Maybe 10 years ago, but not anymore.","The room was worn out and dirty. Customer service was unavailable, couldn't get the room cleaned or switched. Ran out of towels. However conveniently located, I would have rather stay 10 blocks further for a cleaner room with better service.",1
6061, July 2017,"Great Place, Easy Check-In","The hotel is in a great location, clean, the elevators are set up to avoid having to stand and wait. The strongest part of this hotel is they allow you to check in online. The day of your arrival you'll get an email with a link, from there you complete the form and they'll ask what time you're expected to arrive. While normal check in is at 4pm, I was able to get the room keys by 11:30am!",5
6062, July 2017,Super Affordable Design Concious Hotel in the heart of Manhattan,"Great value hotel for design concious people. Near to Times square location is a plus if you are going to Broadway shows or meetings in mid town but a minus if you don't like the dirt, noise, an insane amount of crowds. The best thing about the hotel is how affordable it is and that you can fit a family of 4 in one (VERY small) room. And that the overall vibe is hip/well designed. Though things are looking a bit shabby and rooms are definitely in need of freshening up or a make over.",4
6063, July 2017,Poor Hotel,"Beds were comfortable, but rooms were small and rundown, rooms need updating and service needs to improve. Check in was terrible because there was only 2 people working with a line that was maybe 15 people long. Room wasn't ready when it said it was going to be, I was told I revived an upgrade to a queen bed and that wasn't the case , revived a room with a full. I wouldn't stay here again.",2
6064, July 2017,"Good hotel for the price, centrally located.","I stayed at Row NYC one night while on business. German Romero checked me in and could not have been more friendly or helpful. I asked to change room type so that I could stay on a higher floor and he happily made the change. My room was small but adequate, with a large flatscreen, desk, and a comfy bed. The AC fan was very loud, about which I've seen others complain, but I found it perfectly canceled out any street noise which made for a great night's sleep. There was a large stain on the floor, but otherwise the room was clean and a neutral smell (unlike other hotels that have a strong perfumy disinfectant odor). One very nice surprise were the eco-friendly water bags and filtered water stations. Ice machines are on alternating floors. The lobby and hotel entry are very modern",4
6065, July 2017,Row Hotel- More than a New York State of Mind.,"Clean, comfortable, quiet, with a very helpful staff. It would be my first choice for a return trip to the city either alone or with family. All of the hotel personnel were great at suggesting dining locations and the best ways to travel to the city's numerous attractions.",4
6066, July 2017,Paulo Menezes,"An excellent place to stay in NYC. Very nice people to attend in the front desk, in special Junior and Marcelo. The new food place (I didn´t know yet) is a good option for breakfast and fast food. It was nice to be there again.",5
6067, July 2017,"Good Location,poor service,low price but expensive fees","The hotel needs to improve: service, education, internet and attention to the guests in general. Check in time at 16 h, internet connection too slow, reception lanes too slow, poor breakfast and cleanliness improvable.",2
6068, June 2017,This is not a 3 star hotel,"This is not a hotel I would recommend unless you upgrade and even then it is still quite basic. No coffee in the room etc I would class this even with an upgrade as a 3 star hotel at best. It is very central for Time Square, Empire State Building etc. The reception staff were good especially Zac who gave us a lot of advice and guidance.",2
6069, July 2017,Okay hotel,For the price of the hotel it seems like you should get more. The lobby is nice but the rooms are extremely small we stayed one night and I would not want to stay another in the room. However the room was very clean. The location was great for what we wanted to do (seeing a speicif play). The breakfast bar is expensive but you get a good amount of food for the price. When we checked out the next day we dropped our bags at the luggage storage as our flight was not until the evening the attendants were very nice and polite (nicer then the front desk). However when we returned to pick up your bags we decided to find the restrooms in the lobby and found out that you need a working room key to use them. All other hotels I have been in give you access to public restrooms in the lobby,3
6070, July 2017,Great location for broadway shows!,"Great location and our room was surprisingly quiet with just the noise of the a/c, which worked great, so no complaints there! Zac, at the front desk was great, very helpful with excellent recommendations.",5
6071, July 2017,"Great Location, Great Experience","The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom had all of the amenities and was also very clean. The bed was comfortable. The air conditioner worked great which is a big plus during the hot summers here. The location is perfect, close to Time's Square and Broadway, and close to subway access. Shantel at the front desk was wonderful and very helpful. Quick check in and she took the time to explain all of the amenities and nearby attractions. I highly recommend this hotel, this was my second visit because the first time was great as well!",5
6072, July 2017,"Terrible, the worse.","We checked in early and then kept our bags. Didn't get a key, but did get a receipt. Came back later and had to wait over a hour in one line to get our room key. When I complained to the manager she fluffed me off. After getting my key I told the clerk to have my bags taken to the room. He told me that he couldn't guarantee delivery with in a hour. I told him to give me my baggage tags back and I would carry my bags myself. To top this off I had rented three rooms total. One for myself, daughter and husband, son and daughter-in-law. Our room didn't have a shower curtain and my daughters room was not made up at 4:30 in the afternoon. If TripAdvisor calls this place 4 star you are definitely not doing you job. I will be in this hotel for the next three days, hope I make it this is",1
6073, July 2017,It'll do if you're just sleeping in it,"Room size: Small Had to shimmy past the bed/tv mounted on the wall to get to the bathroom, or climb over the bed to get to the showerroom. I could shower whilst on the toilet Smell: Sewage throughout the entire stay in my room, notified the front desk, they said they would have a look, but they didnt resolve it. Window was filthy and made the view worse, And wouldn't stay open if you lifted it up to try and get the smell out. Shower head could only be moved sideways, you couldnt angle it further down so had to move a limb towards the shower spray get it wet and rinse. Service: No one was ever at the concierge service desk Corridors to get to your room were poorly lit - Felt like a bar rather than a hotel corridor. Location: Pretty damn good - a saving grace. Bed: Really",3
6074, July 2017,Great central location.,"Travelled here with my 3 daughters. Hotel very central, near all main tourist spots, very friendly efficent staff. Convenient to main bus station. Plenty of life about hotel, restaurant, coffee shop on site.",4
6075, July 2017,Less than Basic for price,"Stayed for long weekend 20-24th Jul, original room booked not available, small double beds more like large single, tight rooms, no kettle or fridge, cleaners never replaced plastic cups that were used on first night. On checkout was given $130 facilities fee, for use of gym WiFi and other facilities we weren't informed about, staff are very abrupt. Not all bad the location is very close to Time Square, and there is a subway station over the road, overall would not recommend as just doesn't fit the price for the quality",3
6076, July 2017,"New name, same hotel","Despite the facelift and the improved lobby, the rooms seem to be about the same as they were when this was called the Milford Plaza. It is an OK hotel--no frills, tiny rooms (the queen bed took up most of the room--there was about 4 feet on either side of the bed and at the foot of the bed to the wall). The biggest annoyance is that I paid nearly $500 for this room on a night when NYC capacity was tight. This included the mandatory $35 ""resort"" fee which apparently is for wi-fi. I checked in an 10pm and hoped to get to bed immediately. The air conditioning had not been on in the room and it was at least 90 degrees in the room. It took almost two hours for the room to cool to a comfortable temperature. I understand saving energy, but on a night when every room will be",2
6077, July 2017,Poor customer service,"Not satisfy with my stay at this location at all. Poor customer service from the very get go. I paid extra for the ""City view"" and ended up on the seventh floor looking out to traffic. The receptionist that was attending the people next to me even rolled their eyes at them every time they'll ask a simple question. I'm also yet to get back my $30 room deposit. Outside of the close proximity to Times square, I would not recommend staying here.",2
6078, July 2017,RIP OFF,"Ive just returned from 3 nights at this hotel. I arrived at about 2pm and had to stand in a lengthy check line, the hotel was very busy.When I finally reached the checkin desk I was informed that although my bill was paid in full(virgin holiday) there was a MANADATORY surcharge of 33 dollars per night...they call it a 'resort charge' this was to cover wifi and a few other things like use of the gym. I didn't want any of the services that it covered except wifi...... I have never been charged for wifi in hotel .....ever!!! This 33 dollar surcharge did not include breakfast. This surcharge is mentioned in the small print ...but it is clearly a scam. I have stayed in many hotels around the world and this ranks amongst the worst. The staff are demotivated and the whole thing is a",2
6079, July 2017,Row NYC,"Location of the hotel was great! Service (getting a hold of the concierge, room service, etc.) via telephone could've been better - very difficult to get a hold of someone. Rooms were acceptable for the price. The Green incentive was never mentioned to us. AC worked great!",3
6080, June 2017,Quick overnight trip,"Family dropped me off in New York and I wanted them to be able to see Times Square before leaving the next day. While I did not receive the room I ordered, they were quick to rectify the situation and luckily my family was okay with not having double beds, and just sharing a single one. For others, this situation is likely not ideal and worrisome to think about. Despite this, I thought my Front desk associate, German Romero, was fantastic in advocating for us. Overall a chill spot for the young, energetic, and young at heart.",4
6081, July 2017,Interesting hotel,Very good hotel. Excellent treatment. Very good facilities and attention with the clients. Central location. There is a McDonald and a Starbucks's next to the hotel. The employers with very good attention to the public. Very recommend!!!,5
6082, July 2017,Great Location,Good Room and Location. Room is small. Location was close to all major attractions. Expected a larger room for the price. But was comfortable for my son and I. Was out most of the day and came in to sleep.,4
6083, July 2017,"Location, Location, Location","Close to everything. Walked to theaters, crossed street for subway, lots of great food choices in area. No-nonsense hotel with small rooms that are clean and comfortable at a great price. We weren't looking for ""bells and whistles"" as we knew we'd only be sleeping and showering so it was perfect for us. Felt very safe here, too. Take advantage of breakfast special as NYC is super expensive. Staff at District M restaurant/lounge in hotel are super helpful, especially Kelly who goes above and beyond to help you out. Also take advantage of on-line check-in and check-out as lines can be long and take a while. Will definitely stay here again on our next trip.",5
6084, July 2017,Stressful visit to NYC,"The RowNYC is in a great location, well priced for being so close to Times Square, and has all the amenities needed for a pleasant visit. But, we had booked a suite for 4, they gave us a room for 2 (1 bed and tried to tell me it was an upgrade, not sure where 2 of us were supposed to sleep), argued that I did not know what a suite was, gave us another room (a studio), which was a mess and not a suite, told us they would clean it but had to take it AND pay the suite price. At no time did the hotel management admit there was a mistake made, instead they chose to be rude and use poor customer service. We did not get into our room until 9 pm. We stayed the night, but chose to check out the next morning and spend the rest of our 4 days at another hotel. On the bright side - the",2
6085, July 2017,Great location but that's it.,"The hotel is in a great location. The rooms are small (typical for NYC). The room decor is dated but the beds a very comfortable. Make sure you bring water bottles since they only supply you with weird little refillable water sacks. And if you want coffee in the morning to bad there is not a coffe pot in the room. Don't try calling guest services between 11pm and 8am, no one answers. And if the hotel is still under renovation when you stay make sure you ask for a room on a floor that is already finished. I don't plan on staying in this location again. For the price there are nicer hotels.",2
6086, July 2017,ROW NYC - Simply AWESOME!,Great location. Friendly/professional/competent staff. And reasonable rates. Been coming here for over 25 years. And it just keeps getting better. Great use of technology from check-in to check-out. Take the Airporter bus in from LGA ($15) and you will be dropped just two blocks from the hotel.,5
6087, July 2017,I WONT COME BACK TO ROW HOTEL NEVER!!!!,They moved us from the room two different times witouht noticing and thrratening us if we didnt accept they will charge us extra money. The manager and people in the reception treated us terrible. Then we had to stayed in a horrible room with many problems.,1
6088, February 2017,GREAT PLACE!!! :),"We stayed at this hotel in Feb 2017 for 3 nights to celebrate my partners 30th Birthday. When we arrived we where told that our room was not ready and had to wait a number of hours to finally get the key, although the staff at reception provided us with free drink vouchers. The reason it took so long was that the hotel had actually upgraded our room and also delivered a bottle of champagne free of charge. The room was very clean and very comfortable. Had a great nights sleep here. All staff were very friendly and welcoming. Great location as it is right of Times Square. Reasonably priced. No extra charges added on when we checked out. Only downside would be the food that we got out of the 'City Kitchen' was not great and very expensive for the size. Next time we are in New",5
6089, July 2017,Top location - lack of understanding for details,Beware of the room and bed size. Rooms and beds are small. Unfresh beds and old low quality- despite upgrade of hotel lately. Demotivated staff in hotel bar. So and so with front desk personnel as well. Over promised experience if you compare customer experience with website.,2
6090, July 2017,Unsuitable rooms for some travellers!,"A little more consideration for older travellers and not just put them anywhere, especially if they are travelling alone - also, perhaps to have drinking water stations installed in the lobbies and coffee machines in the rooms would be nice touch!",4
6091, July 2017,Great location and helpful staff,Great location for midtown - 25 mins to the ferry to Ellis island & Statue of Liberty. Walking distance to the empire state / top of the rock and museums etc. Oh and close to the all important shopping too. We took the $1 breakfast deal which is great - but didn't use it each day as the Times Sq diner and Juniors are really close by and who can resist their breakfasts!,4
6092, June 2017,Not for Business or Family Travel,"Nice location and decent price. Def not for business travel or family travel. Following are pros and cons: Pros: Location The lobby bar and cafe are pretty decent (selection for tea/coffee and drinks) Decent price for midtown Cons: 1. Horrible service all around from the front desk to the cashiers in the mini market. The service is not just bad it is incompetent. 2. Plan at least 30 mins to get up and down the elevator. They have one of those elevator technology systems where you indicate the floor and are instructed to which elevator bank to take. Half the time it says ""no elevators available"" 3. Don't try to have a package / envelope shipped to the hotel. They have no system in place to accommodate such requests 4. The lobby mostly feels like Grand Central at",2
6093, July 2017,Nice hotel,"Nice hotel, good location. Clean and eclectic. Provided water bottles which were refillable throughout the hotel. Elevators are fast and unique...you select which floor you are going to and it assigns you an elevator so you aren't stopping on every floor. Only negative was paying a ""facility fee"" daily, of which wifi was included. The wifi connection didn't work more than it did. Would definitely stay there again.",4
6094, July 2017,not to recommend,"small sized rooms, old furnished and loud - like the elevator passes through your room, tiny and un-modern bathrooms. low standard and quality but terrible overpriced I would not recommend to stay there, you find for the same price a much better hotel",1
6095, July 2017,"Great location, easy check-in/ check-out process, and clean!!","The hotel was in a great location (we could see the Times Square lights from our room). It was also an easy walk to the subway and had a cool rooftop pub just a block away, where we grabbed a drink at one night. The check-in/ out process was super easy- we picked up our room keys from a kiosk in the hotel and I checked-out through my phone. There is also a place to store your luggage if you are there early before your room is ready or even if you want to spend the day out and about after you check out. The rooms are on the small side, but you're in New York- all the hotels have small rooms so that didn't bother us. The only downfall of this hotel is the additional mandatory $30 per night. It is supposed to cover international and local phone calls, internet, water cups, etc but",5
6096, July 2017,Sketchy,"The check-in process was very simple and quick, which we loved. However, once we got up to our room, there was a huge pile of bloody sheets right as we opened our door. The room looked as if it had not been touched. A staff member came to our room and asked why the sheets were in the hall... while she was holding a huge bag full of blood-soaked washcloths. Overall, location is very nice, but the blood stained sheets and washcloths started our trip off on a very creepy note.",2
6097, July 2017,Many benefits for turisto.,"Good price, perfect location. By paying that room rate, I can get clean bed & bathroom. Room size was fine bcs I was traveling solo. Too bad I didn't have chance to taste bfast & other room services. But next to hotel, there's a AW Kitchen, kinda food court where you can get anything you want.",4
6098, July 2017,Way over priced,Small room I mean small. They charge 400. To stay here not worth 200. Place is not worth the money . The only thing I found good was how fast the elevators where. Hall ways are dark when you get out of elevators . Also I notice that there where no bottom Moulding's on walls they took them out and never put them back.,2
6099, July 2017,The Row,"This hotel offers a convenient, central location with decently sized rooms for Times Square. The space is clean and the staff are friendly. Coffee and connecting restaurants add to the accessibility of amenities.",5
6100, July 2017,Great location at a great price!,"We are repeat visitors because the price is extremely reasonable for being right off of Time Square and so close to any Broadway show you may want to see. There are plenty of places to eat, both in the food court and right outside the hotel. Everything you could want is right next door when you stay at the Row!",4
6101, July 2017,Only Place To Stay In NYC!,"From the time we pulled up and the valets parked our car to the time they brought the car back for us to leave, exceptional is the only word to describe our experience with ROW! The service from every department from the front desk to the concierge to the door men was on point. Steps from Time Square. The hotel was extremely clean, well kept, modern and the staff are all super friendly and helpful. Tons of stuff on site to satisfy whatever you need and everything from restaurants, shopping and coffee shops all within steps of the hotel. We will only stay at ROW when we travel to NYC in the future. Six stars, because five just isn't enough!",5
6102, July 2017,Not an easy trip,"Half of the gym equipment didn't work, the Internet was extremely spotty, the bell boys were very rude and need a lesson in customer service, we had something scratching at our door at 1am, there was a large crack in our bathtub, there was issues with receiving our packages and we were charged an extra day for them even though that wasn't our fault.",2
6103, July 2017,Nice Atmosphere-Not so nice service,"When we finally got to the check in counter we were told by the front desk that we can have our bags brought up to our room in about 15 minutes. So we agreed to do so , and 4 hours later they never came , so we called the bell desk and were told to come down and get them ourselves. So upon going down there and waiting for about 10 minutes , he brought our bags out and set them inn front of us-didn't even offer to bring them up. The room was dirty we found a dusty glove behind the dresser that had been there for who know long , and the bathroom looked super dirty as well. The windows were dirty you couldn't really see out of them because of all the crap on the window. The one thing I will say is it is a nice atmosphere , the lobby and everything are really nice , but the rooms",3
6104, July 2017,Good Location ROW Hotel,"This is good hotel for your vacation and business at NY, close to all activities and walking distance to shows, shops, financial center, restaurants and night life. It is worth to look for prices with time otherwise it get expensive. There are great food options in the hotel and access to computers and wifi. Keep in mind this is a very busy area of the city and the hotel gets really busy during the day...worth to see it.",4
6105, July 2017,Experience,"It has been an excellent stay at th Row NYC hotel. Excellent place to move around; next to subway, and well-known places in New York such as Times Square, Bridway and so on. It is recommended without any doubt.",5
6106, July 2017,Very bad.,We live in NYC so we know things are expensive and rooms are generally small. But this place is awful and the value is horrible. It is.l basically a one star hotel with lipstick that charges 500 dollars for a terrible experience.,1
6107, July 2017,"Good location, small room. Some rooms are bad","I was put in a room with a broken bed. The room was old. It seemed to me the floor was under rebuilding. After my complain on the front desk, they moved me to another room bigger than the first (but still small) but clean, everything working in a floor clean and seemed renewed. The price is higer for the overall return I think it is because of the location that is good.",3
6108, July 2017,Best choice...,"Enjoy the reasonable breakfasts available at the two locations in the hotel. Good restaurants on 8th and also down 40 - 44. Very easy reach to the theaters; also to the metros, main Port Authority transportation, Times Square, fabric shops. Be prepared to walk a lot, dodge the crowds, and absorb the ambiance. Be willing to smile - everyone we met in New York was friendly and helpful.",5
6109, July 2017,Hotel Hell,"The Costco of Hotels. Noisy, dirty, rude staff, and rooms so small you're renting a hole in the wall with a bed for $800. You'd be better off sleeping in a cardboard box under a bridge. Encountered other guests who felt the same and would never return...ever!",1
6110, July 2017,rooms tiny,The lobby is nice. After we got off the elevator we thought it was a dingy old apartment building. Our room was at the end of a spooky hallway. We could barely get into the room it was so small. We reserved a 2 Queen bed room as we had 4 guests. We were given a 1 bed and they said it was all they had left. Would not stay here again.,2
6111, July 2017,Good location and very accomadating,It was a nice place to stay with my family. It is a good location if you are interested in being by Times Square. Having the opportunity to store our luggage and have a late check out was a great feature.,4
6112, July 2017,Great location,"Nice hotel with a few amenities. Rooms were small, but that is to be expected in NYC, and the bathroom were not exactly private so make sure you are sharing with someone you are comfortable with. Great location, subway station across the street, close to times square, friendly staff.",4
6113, July 2017,Just OK,"The Row is a no frills hotel just outside of Times Square. We arrived and immediately encountered a very long line that we mistook for check in. It was, instead, the line for folks to check bags on the day of their departure. We saw this line frequently in our 3 night stay. It's a poor service provided by the Row. Our cousin's bag was badly damaged and the row staff simply stuffed his clothes back into the bag, thereby damaging them enough to require dry cleaning and pressing. The reception staff are extraordinarily helpful. But, like the baggage check, they are very undermanned. We saw long lines there frequently. The rooms are tiny. Our A/C was ok, but kinda noisy. Our cousin's was so bad that he had to move (which precipitated the disastrous bag check). The",3
6114, July 2017,Dump hotel,"It's like a third world hotel, nothing to brag about. Hallway is so small. No ice vending machine on my floor. For the money I paid for is not worthy, you have to pay me to stay in this hotel. Just awful, I'll be embarrassed to recommend this to my family and friends.",1
6115, July 2017,Reasonable hotel for NYC. -But not great!,"This is a budget hotel. Very small rooms, Reasonably clean (but bathroom had dirt and hairs). Dark corridors, Confusing multiple lifts,Long queues to book in. But it is a pretty good location for all of the sights, and was the best price for a low-middle cost hotel in NYC.Compare to Travelodge /Best Western which is a notch up alround i reckon.",3
6116, July 2017,bad experiencie too expensive,"bad experiencie too expensive the room were too small and they dont have comun space were o stay in the hotel! is not for a familly! the room and comun areas were dirty and in construction! no ice, no hot water!",1
6117, July 2017,"Trash hotel, worst experience ever","We found cokroaches in room! Dirty everywhere, 1 hour to check in, smells bad in room and bathroom, could not close bathroom door, internet not reachable from room, AC blowing directly to bed, very noisy, bed for two is a single bed size. Staff did not care about the problem we got, not solution oriented. Very expensive ($ 1.2k for 5 nights) based on the issues encountered and non existing service.",1
6118, July 2017,New York trip,"This was our first trip to NYC and was there for daughters 16th birthday. The location is great since we could walk to the theater to watch our show, to Times Square, and shops and restaurants near by. I would recommend it to my family and friends.",5
6119, July 2017,Is this for real?!,"I recently visited Row NYC from Tennessee. Being from the heart of the Smoky Mountains, I expected to encounter ""big city people"" (maybe not necessarily rude, but maybe too busy to be ""small-town"" friendly). Boy, was I wrong! We were greeted with sincere smiles at check-in and as a frequent traveler, I feel the check-in staff is what makes the most impact on a person's opinion of a hotel. Later, we purchased some items from the gift shop and the gentleman working there was so warm and kind. I totally forgot that I was in the city until I stepped out onto the street. This moderately-priced hotel had comfy beds, and a wide selection of AFFORDABLE food in the middle of Times Square....Is this place real?! I love that it is across the street from the Al Hirschfeld Theatre! This",5
6120, July 2017,1st visit to NYC,"Great location, Times Square only a five minute walk way. Plenty of room in the rooms, there was 3 off us staying in a deluxe double city view. Room include a bath and a shower. We visit again, hoping at Christmas.",5
6121, July 2017,NYC to its fullest,First trip with our baby. Hotel was perfectly placed for every thing we wanted to do. Walk out the hotel and NYC is at your leisure. Staff was very helpful and professional. Would definitely stay there again.,5
6122, July 2017,Don't let the hotel photos fool you!,"We were so disappointed on arrival - dirty room, hair in shower, wallpaper peeling off the walls. When booking I requested a nice, quiet room this was our honeymoon and I was 5 months pregnant. Instead we were placed right opposite the extremely noisy elevators and cleaning staff store room. The room was also not cleaned properly - hair and clips from previous guest in the shower, layers of dust and dirt throughout the room. We had cleaning staff banging on our door at 8.30am each morning, by which point we hadn't even showered! We also had to pay a ""resort fee"" which should include use of the phone which did not work in our room and wi-fi which was good in the lobby but poor on the 19th floor where our room was. I needed a phone for medical reasons and was disappointed to",1
6123, July 2017,Poorly managed. Individualistic staff. Highly inefficient.,"4 hours after a quick drop of my luggages in my room, I returned to find that both the room & bathroom reeks of medicine akin to that of hospitals, most likely caused by the previous occupant. While the room's smell was easily solved by spraying Febreze, the bathroom reeks terribly throughout 4 of my entire 5-day stay. Despite communicating with at least 5 relevant staff (front desk, housekeeping & the GM himself) from day ""1"" through day ""4"" of my stay, AND getting an accurate diagnosis of the problem (due to poor drainage & flushing system unable to rid medicine left behind), no action was taken until the end of day ""4"". In my many hotel stays, I had NEVER approached the GM to meet no results for the issue/s I raised. In fact, I was ignored. This hotel has various",2
6124, July 2017,Great location hotel,Really good location close to shopping transportation museums theatres and right in the middle of Times Square. Great for photographers and artists clean and comfortable I would definitely stay there again it was perfect for first time visitor or business traveler.,4
6125, July 2017,Great location! Fantastic employees!,"Small but more than adequate. Loved the city view! Also, we were very happy with all of the employees with whom we interacted! Especially the front desk employees! Didn't like the floor of the bathtub though, too spongy and made showering difficult. The cleanliness was questionable...mold on the ceiling.",4
6126, July 2017,Avg hotel,Check in was long could not check in early which was fine was given a card but no explanation what to do when check in opened. Came back and checked in again just rushed through no info on breakfast wifi check out time or anything. Room was clean enough and comfy. If your in New York to see shows you probably couldn't get a better location,3
6127, July 2017,"Modern, upscale lobby. Small but adequate room.","Lobby has very modern and upscale feel so the small room, which was very clean except for the smell of body odor, felt like a bit of a let down. Sufficient room but be aware of the $30 additional fee when booking.",3
6128, July 2017,Disappointing,On Arrival was abit surprised to see the difference between what was seen online and in reality. Good location but the stay was spoiled by a Very Nasty Smelling Bathroom . Asked for another room and was told they were full. Booking way in advance i had requested a room with some kind of view however got a view straight into a brick wall.,3
6129, July 2017,"Great location, easy choice","The rooms are small - or perhaps better, compact. The location is easy for everything in Midtown, not just the Theater District, but also shopping, amazing restaurants, lots of museums, and access to transportation. We slept well, thanks to the darkening shade on our window. Caveat is the usually urban chaos, just outside the door.",4
6130, July 2017,"Friendly, safe, clean and functional hotel in a central location","The hotel is located at a central location within walking distance to Pennsylvania Station and Port Authority Bus Terminal. It is a stone's throw away from the metro, and is next to Times Square. Before, throughout and after my stay, I received emails from the hotel which made me feel welcome and valued. The staff were friendly. My friend and I managed to redeem the complimentary drink at the hotel's bar and $5 off at Starbucks - no hidden conditions! I felt safe in the hotel as there was a staff member checking for the key cards at the lobby, and most of the guests were families. The room is clean and functional - we did not experience any issues with the room. That the hotel provided water bottles show that they are committed to good customer service! It would be great if the",5
6131, July 2017,ROW NYC REVIEW,"I wasn't none too impressed with my stay at ROW NYC! 1. The biggest letdown was the ice maker on our floor didn't work and we had to go to other floors to get ice. This isn't something your patrons should have to do. I called the desk and asked if the ice maker would be fixed and to report it but was told they were calling an engineer to come repair it. That never happened. 2. Then, I was trapped at the ground level when the elevators shut down due to a computer malfunction while holding my wife & I breakfast. It kept telling everyone ""No Lift"" Half of the elevators made serious noises and didn't sound safe. I know it wasn't normal because some of the elevators were smooth and quiet. 3. The feather pillows you provided and lumpy and they collapse. They were SUPER uncomfortable.",3
6132, July 2017,Perfect for a short business trip,"The location is of course a little touristy, but I didn't mind that. It was only a few short blocks from Port Authority, which is where the NYC Airporter shuttle stops, so I got to the hotel for only $15. You can't beat that! For the price I found on booking.com, this room was beyond what I expected. It was simple, clean, safe, not too small, and I will definitely be back.",5
6133, July 2017,Bad bad bad,After 24 hours flights you see very bad stuff from the bell take your lugages to front desck people don t have time to talk waiting to much concierge not in his place very bad stay bad hotel and stuff lile........,1
6134, July 2017,Comfortable and convenient,"Came to NYC for 2 days on business. Hotel is really close to Time square so very convenient to public transportation and stores/ restaurants. Check in was efficient, and staff friendly (by New York standards). The room was clean and had hair dryer, iron, TV, good AC and comfortable bed. I liked that there were ice and water dispensers on every other floor. The room size was good (again New York standards). It can be noisy depending on your sensitivity but again, it's located near Time Square. There was effortless check out. I had a positive experience and would stay there again. The elevator can be a little tricky if you don't read the sign. Essentially you enter your floor number into the key pad, then it will tell you which elevator to go to. Elevators were pretty",4
6135, July 2017,Great hotel in the heart of Manhattan,"This is a great hotel. The rooms are clean and contemporary, the staff is professional and competent, and you're just a short walk or subway ride (there's a station next to the hotel) away from anywhere in the city.",5
6136, June 2017,"Very stylish hotel in general, but disappointing room.","An excellent, very well situated hotel. The lobby was impressive, with a good selection of catering businesses connected to it. However, the room was rather disappointing; the decor was not to our liking, and the overall size of the room was very small.",4
6137, July 2017,The walls are paper and the neighbors are rowdy,"Quick check ins, full of tourists that crowd the walk ways. That's ok though. What isn't are the walls. I had to listen to My neighbor argue how needs to be on opiates from walking all day to his wife at 2am.",1
6138, July 2017,Great location but service can be improved,"The hotel is located very close to Times Square and the theater district. It's very convenient to go out from the hotel and just around the corner from most of the Broadway theater. The hotel us huge and all the time there is activity in the lobby, restaurants and the gym. The problem is with the room - the full size bed takes about half of the small room, with no desk, chair or other amenities.There is no place to put a tea/coffee pot and to relax. It's organized for sleep time only. The room has an old carpet, which is not clean, and the walls in the bathroom could have some paint. Other than that, the price is right.",3
6139, July 2017,Disappointing,"The room was advertised as a Queen double, which was the room booked, but once we got to the hotel we instead were given a double. Room was extremely tiny, bathroom even tinier. Good for 2, not 4 people.",3
6140, July 2017,Smoking Hotel?!,Would have been a good hotel except for the heavy cigarette smoke in the hallway which meant constant smoke in our room. Security was notified but did nothing about it. The front desk did not change our room for us. The smokers continued smoking throughout our stay. Highly unpleasant and unhealthy. Also the bathroom sink was clogged and did not drain.,2
6141, July 2017,Fun at ROW NYC,My family and I enjoyed our stay and experience at the ROW NYC. We loved the donuts. So many choices. The lobby bar and dining area was fun and relaxing. We enjoyed being in Times Square with all the hustle and bustle.,5
6142, July 2017,Awesome!!!,We went for our anniversary and ROW NYC is located in a supreme location in Manhatten. It is located in the hub for Broadway and Times Square. Short walk to the bus station and many eateries. I oils recommend this hotel to anyone,5
6143, July 2017,"Great location, but be careful of the room","I decided to take a solo weekend trip to NYC to see a show on Broadway. My son found the hotel through Expedia and I walked it from Penn Station. The location is superb. Just around the corner from most of the major theaters, and couple of blocks from Time Square. Lots of restaurants nearby. The room was small, though that's par for the course in NYC and given the price I didn't mind. The problem was the incessant noise of the elevators. My room was 732 and there is a bank of eight elevators that are constantly on the move. Did I say, constantly? Yes, constantly. I couldn't drown the noise with the TV or music. The next day one of the front desk people, Reina, changed my room to the 2237--far away from the elevators, and I finally got some peace. The other advantage",4
6144, July 2017,Best value,"Is the hotel great? Not really. It's an older hotel trying for a modern vibe. But the location can't be beat. If you just need a place to sleep, this can be the best deal in midtown. If you want to really enjoy your hotel and relax in your room, you're better off spending more money and going elsewhere. Overall, Row is ok.",3
6145, July 2017,Broadway experience,The hotel is located close to many Broadway theaters and close to Times Square. Night life is at walking distance and pubs and after-show dinners are available in most restaurants. The hall looks more like a disco than a hotel and can be quite busy and noisy at night,3
6146, July 2017,Convenient and Affordable,"Small room but clean, safe, and VERY convenient. Breakfast was expensive but many good little places nearby. Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Broadway theaters, Central Park are all within walking distance if you like to walk. Otherwise almost every subway line is 2 blocks away.",4
6147, July 2017,Theater District Location,"We stayed here for seven nights. We didn't know what to expect, there was a lot of negative reviews but had to find out for ourselves. We choose this hotel for it's location & price. It was reasonable so our expectation was low. When we got to our room I noticed that the shower curtain had mold. I mentioned it to the front desk on our way out and when we returned the had replaced it with a new curtain. They also provided plastic bottles where you fill up at their water stations, I highly recommend you take these bottles and use them every day it will save a lots of plastic waste. It's an old hotel that is in need of some tlc. Overall a great value!",4
6148, July 2017,Vacation,I really enjoyed my stay. It was very pleasurable. Everything about the hotel was great especially the area that it is located in. The service was great and the hotel is accessible to in every way possible. I loved my stay,4
6149, July 2017,Three Girls & A Broadway Trip,The location was great. However the rooms could stand to be updated and the cleaning service did the absolute minimum. The floors was indesperate need of a vacuuming. We had no issues checking in as others have mentioned. It was very busy but the line moved quickly.,3
6150, July 2017,Fourth time not the charm,"After three good visits, our fourth was jammed at beginning by room assignment snafu. Be sure you get what you reserved. The desk was apologetic and accommodating, but if you request a view you should not see third floor ductwork.",4
6151, July 2017,"Not handicap friendly, otherwise great","Friendly staff, great location. Convenient to theaters and restaurants. Cheap cab ride to Penn Station. Many staff members went out of their way to assist me. Room (superior category) was large, clean, and well maintained.",3
6152, July 2017,Horrible Valet experience,"The hotel was a good experience, good locatiom and clean. Unfortunatley, the valet hit something eith my car which caused significant scratching that I will now need to have repaired. I should have known to do an inspection when I picked up my car but due to the traffic and loading kids in the car, I didnt. If I wrnt again I would not recommend using their third party valet service.",2
6153, July 2017,I wanted to like it better than I did.,"LOOONNNG line to check in....we got stopped for a sales pitch in the lobby for a different property from someone who let us think she was a Row NYC concierge....the $30+ ""facilities fee"" detracted from the value I thought I was getting...our view was ruined by how dirty the outside of the windows were...but the decor is attractive, the elevators are fun, our deal included a free glass of prosecco, and I *wanted* to like the place better.",3
6154, July 2017,LOVELY...,"Our experience was wonderful, we were on honeymoon and from the arrival with bottle of champagne until the attentions at the bar were delicious, an excellent hotel close to everything in one of the best neighborhoods to tour NYC.",4
6155, July 2017,staff making the difference,The hotel is not less bussier than the times square itself but even in this beehive good service makes much difference. I would like mention the wonderful mr. Douglas in the reception who for being so helpfull and empathetic. The hotel and the customers are so lucky for gis services.,4
6156, July 2017,"Tiny room, unbeatable location!","The location of Row is unbeatable. It was within easy distance of major theatres, great dining, and the subway. Our room, however, was a shoebox- unbelievably tiny! The pictures of the superior twin room are very deceptive. The room size was easy to deal with, but the bathroom was more difficult- barely enough room to turn around between the sink, toilet, and shower. I was a little frustrated that I paid so much for so little space. However, everything was clean and very well maintained. The mobile check in and express checkout were blessings- we never had to wait in lines or even interact with hotel staff (this is great if you have issues with anxiety like my friend does). The restaurants in the hotel are FABULOUS! We will definitely stay again.",5
6157, July 2017,Great Hotel,Enjoyed very much staying in row nyc. Staffs are very courteous. Times Square is just 2 blocks away. Metro is just opposite to the hotel. Rooms are very tidy and we don't feel any differences being away from home. Thank you row nyc for making nyc vacation a pleasent memory. Will be recommending to friends and family!!,5
6158, July 2017,Room 819,"Very noisy room due to ground floor fan in room 819. I guess that other rooms (719, 619 etc) were similarly affected. Good hotel position for exploring Manhatten. Very busy and corridors were poorly lit",3
6159, July 2017,Worst hotel experience EVER!,"The hotel is in very poor condition. It smells old and dusty. The towels are very dingy. The ironing board is disgusting with stains. The drawers are dusty. The window in the room to look out at the city is GROSS. What you see on the website is absolutely not what you get. Major false advertising and I was overall disappointed with my stay her. Not to mention when I checked in and got to my room, it was occupied by another guest. UNACCEPTABLE! !!!",1
6160, September 2016,Overall good experience with a few hiccups and a not pleasant exchange with bell-boys,"We arrived to NYC around 2am due to our flight being delayed and so our original room had been given away. The lady did offer us another room for that night while we were switched into the other one the next day. Not a big deal, the other room was just as nice and a bit bigger even, the only drawback was that it was right next to an air conditioning unit so we could hear it rather well. A stressful experience was trying to get our luggage that night though, at the reception desk we were told to leave our luggage there and it would be taken up to our room. We waited an hour before I decided to go downstairs to see what was the hold up. There was no one to meet me at the luggage desk area so I went back to the reception area. They phoned someone and told me to go wait for them at",3
6161, July 2017,"Good price and great location, but a bit worn around the edges","Row is a good product and with an unrivalled location. It’s definitely showing signs of wear, however, and is missing the odd item/thought that would put it above the rest of the hotels around this price point. The TV doesn’t have the best cable reception, there’s no ‘welcome pack’ in the room and the phone was a bit sketchy. Work works fine and the eating opportunities are good-it’s a case of “almost there but not quite”.",4
6162, July 2017,Horrible Hotel,The people are rude. Checked in online but since system didn't work I had to stand in checkin line for 30 min. Front desk refused to put up sign advising other guests that the room key system was down even after requesting this 4 times with 4 different employees. Was charged upgrade fee even though they didn't upgrade my room. Was hung up on 3 times when calling about correcting bill. Staff wouldn't let food delivery up to my room even after I called down to advise them I just had foot surgery and couldn't walk very far. You aren't advised about the $30 service fee until after you book the room.,1
6163, July 2017,"Great hotel, great location!","Clean rooms with great locations in the heart of Broadway. Sound proof wall, never heard anyone inside our room even when I could hear lots of noise when I we were in the hall. Only 1 block to Times Square. Beautiful lobby and lots of great food onsite. Even walking distance from Central Park (Approx. 15 minutes). Would definitely recommend for anyone wanting the Broadway/Times Square location.",5
6164, March 2017,Good food Good accommodation,"Went for a business trip for very short time. But in a short time I'm pleased by their service. They didn't take long for checking. Concierge guy is so polite and informative.Ordered from room service, food was good with nice decorations. Room ambiance is overall ok but need to pay attention in cleanliness.Thanks for make my trip memorable.",4
6165, August 2016,Great Location,The layout is very nice. Very close to most of theaters. We went to see color purple and the theater was a walking distance. Make sure you check charges on.ypur card and call them immediately. At least in my case they rectified the problem immediately.,4
6166, July 2017,REALLY FAST AND NOT VERY ACCOMMODATING,"Im very disapoimnted , the air condition was very noisy , the air was also shut off after housekeeping the rooms were paper thin and can hear our neighbors slamming doors all night also one time during our stay had to get housekeeping to kill a few beatles in the bathroom",3
6167, July 2017,EXtra charges apply!,"Location very good for theatre enthusiasts, shoppers alike. Request to learn all fees, taxes and charges ahead of the game! The room was small, as expected, but air quality and ventilation issues made the small space uncomfortable.",2
6168, July 2017,Not Again,"I have stayed here six times. It is in a great location, close to the plays and shopping. I will NOT stay in this Hotel again. Housekeeping did a great job. There is a lot of congestion out front of the hotel.",4
6169, July 2017,Location is only good,Location is only good I had to pay for more than I thought because of the facility fee I didn't get any service from the hotel but I had to pay for it. If you want to see musicals and feel the atmoshphere of New York. First time is good. Next time you will have to consider of it.,2
6170, July 2017,BLACK MOLD BATHROOM,Without going really into this hotel. It was a horrible experience and would never ever refer anyone friend or foe to stay here. The help was not friendly and if they do not like their jobs doing what they do then they should find other employment. Customer service is not their forte. Also you can look at their managements replies and they are all form letter replies.,1
6171, July 2017,괜찮았습니다,"위치가 매우 좋았습니다! 그리고 새벽에 돌아다녀도 번화가라서 그런지 사람이 많아서 안전했습니다. 첫날방에 바퀴벌레가 나왔는데 호텔측에서의 처리가 매.우 늦었습니다. 하지만 오전 9시 호텔 매니저 분이 와서 일사천리로 일이 해결되고 방을 바꿔주었습니다~ 낮은층만 바퀴벌레가 출몰하는거 같네요 Front Dest Associate Zac was the kindest person in hotel. The first impression of row hotel was not good, but the impression changed thanks to Zac.",5
6172, July 2017,Big time issues at this hotel,WiFi didnt work; 2 hour check in time at 1 AM; severely understaffed; no one picks up the concierge phone; zero customer support; no access to drinking water on my floor; no service directly to rooms for something as simple as WATER,1
6173, July 2017,"Good hotel, great location","I have stayed here many times for a workshop I take in the city each year. It is a very good hotel...excellent location and price. Rooms are a little out of date and very small. Breakfast option was good(coffee, fruit and pastry/bagel). Wifi is not great but not awful. Front desk always seem to have a line. Need to be staffed better. Love the option of email for check in then they give you a bar code and you take your phone to kiosk and keys are spit out. Makes it more convenient, since the line is so long. But you really can't beat the price...trust me, I've tried! Location, location, location!",3
6174, July 2017,Avoid Row NYC at all costs,"Would never bother with this hotel again. From the bellhop pressuring us for a tip the moment we walked up for luggage storage service, to the lack of a mini fridge in the rooms, to the horribly tiny room size, to the horrendously-planned sliding bathroom door, to simple requests for soap and towels that go unanswered, your money is best spent ANYWHERE ELSE. There were stains on the carpets and bed everywhere.",1
6175, July 2017,Never Again,"We will never stay there again. The fridge we requested for our son's meds didn't work, even in the coolest setting. We had no hot water on Thursday and the person downstairs that answered tried to argue with me there wasn't an issue. The staff by the elevators in the evenings were rude. The elevators were slow. The hotel room (1704) was in disrepair with cracked and broken furniture and fixtures. The bathroom ""door"" was a joke and the bathroom itself still have pubic hairs from the previous guests. We didn't even get our ""complimentary collapsible water bottles"" until our 7th day there. The fire alarm went off while sirens were outside and no one told us (mid-shower, mind you) that it was a drill. We had the ""shhhhh"" door hanger on all week and the ladies still came in the room",1
6176, July 2017,Heart Of New York,"This hotel is in the middle of everything. We were a block away from Times Square. Two blocks from 42st restaurants. A block away from the best pizza we had, Two Boots Pizza on 44th and 9 Ave. I would stay in this hotel anytime I take people to sight see New York.",5
6177, July 2017,Comfortable and enjoyable,"I enjoyed my stay. I was attending a concert at the PlayStation theater which is conveniently located around the corner. The room was nice the wallpaper was peeling in some areas. Also, I could not figure out how to turn on the shower or why there were bottles of cleaning supplies on the C unit. Overall, I had a good experience and liked that restaurants were located conveniently inside the hotel.",4
6178, July 2017,A good stay,"My trip to this hotel was different the staff was very nice, lobby room was clean and neat. Stayed for two days didn't have any problems. The only thing that was missing was a microwave and small fridge.",4
6179, July 2017,1st Time,"The hotel looks nothing like the images shown on their website. The rooms were extremely small, the restroom even smaller, the carpet was super dirty. The staff NEVER answered our phone calls. We had a 3 hour wait period before our room was ready. I would not recommend this hotel.",1
6180, July 2017,Great experience,"Cool place for visiting new York. Excellent location, just a block away from Broadway and times Square. Be prepared for a self service hotel (for example self check-in and check out) and a loud lobby. Very friendly and cool attendees in front desk and lobby bar",4
6181, July 2017,Helpful info,"already mentioned..As I stated before,....windows needed to be washed....many hooks are needed around the room.....grab bars ,very important items needed in tub area....lobby & elevator exit areas are very dim....not enough sitting space in lobby area....computers hard to work & no help available .....check in desk people are clueless.....thanks",3
6182, July 2017,"Chaotic hotel, with issues","This is hotel is located in the chaotic heart of Times Square, even though it was advertised as being located in Chelsea. From start to finish the lobby was crowded with lines and travelers. Our stay was characterized by complicated/ aloof interactions with the staff, an AC that was leaking onto the carpet the entire time and finally a giant waterbug in our room - at which point the manager on duty graciously upgraded us to a different spot. While I understand things happen and we did get a good price relative to hotels in the city, staying here was stressful and frustrating because of the lack of response from the staff to all of the unfortunate issues listed above. We also heard from other people staying there at the same time that this was not a unique experience.",2
6183, February 2017,Amazing location!!!,"Firstly, we were annoyed because it was not made clear on the booking.com website that you need to have a credit card to pay the service charge of $50. If you only have a debit card, expect to have to pay $200 in cash...which I don't understand to this day. We weren't intending on using the phone, gym or Wifi but still had to pay the service charge which was ridiculous. The hotel def gets customers because of the location, but the rooms themselves are actually quite small. The first room we had smelt of smoke, so we were moved, the second room had mould in the shower so we had to move again! However, the customer service manager was amazing and the general cleanliness of the hotel and room was of a good standard.",4
6184, July 2017,Small Room ...Reasonably Priced for a Great Location,"The self check-in process was excellent. The staff was friendly. I particularly liked a person checking for keys by the elevator, as it made me feel more secure. The room was very small with two twin beds. The air conditioner was extremely loud, I had to shut it off to fall asleep. Which was inconvenient as the temperature was in the 90's during the day and high 70's at night. Neither my daughter or I slept very well as the mattresses were ""well-used"", too soft, and the bottom sheets kept coming off the mattresses. The location was wonderful, in the middle of the theater district which was why we choose it. I would stay here again, but get a room with two full beds, so the room was bigger with the hope we'd get a room with a quiet A/C.",4
6185, July 2017,GOOD,very good location; average service and cleanliness; had a nice stay there-in. food quality good; I wish i had some more nights to spend there. the hotel staff needs to be more hospitable and pleasing.,4
6186, July 2017,Great Location,"The location was fantastic. About a 5-10 minute walk to broadway and times square, as well as the subway. Lots of restaurants and shops extremely close by. Room was a little small and dingy. The lobby was modern and updated. The price for value was moderate, would like to see a little lower rate considering the room but the location made up for it.",4
6187, June 2017,Great location and staff...terrible room,"This hotel is in a great location in the theatre district, a few blocks from Times Square and Central Park. The staff, with one notable exception, was very friendly and helpful at all times. The exception was a hotel staff member who was extremely rude with everyone as he checked for hotel key cards during after hours entry. The room we were given seemed nice upon first glance. It was much larger than we expected. Later we discovered that was because it was an ""accessible"" room. The room we booked was listed on the website as ""deluxe city view"" and included an up-charge over a room not advertised to feature a view. We understand that not every room can have a spectacular panoramic view; however, we didn't expect what we got. The first thing the valet said when he opened",2
6188, July 2017,Just an average,"Facility fee is disappointing and unnecessary. WiFi should be free just like any other hotels, subway and even museum. Conveniently located near Times square. Dark hallways. Crowded lobby area, long line at reception and elevator.",3
6189, July 2017,Brilliant location groovy and clean,Stayed here with my family for family holiday. Location was brilliant Had stayed an other hotel in New York. The row is Near time square and all great redtusrants and Broadway shows. Highly recommend hotel. Don't expect large rooms as it is New York.,5
6190, July 2017,Cleaness not good,"the room was small and dirty, there was a terrible noise at the floor 8, so we asked to change the room and moved to floor 20 and it was much better, the condition of the hotel are not good, the position is ok",2
6191, July 2017,Location 👍,"Upon arriving at ROW NYC with my two daughters- 16 and 20- we were disappointed in the appearance compared to similar hotels such as Renaissance and Marquis for similar rates. We checked in online and didn't receive a confirmation number to skip the line, so we waited. Quick check in, however, no concierge at the station even after several days here. I asked for a subway map and no one could find one so I stopped asking. The room was pretty small. Bathroom has no counter. Not comfortable for three girls and make up etc. Once upstairs, we found all of the baseboards pulled off on floor 22 and it looked like it was under construction on! I even paid the extra for a high level floor to get this! Even worse, by 9:30 am they were working- hammering on the baseboard - the first",3
6192, July 2017,Rooms was wer,"I did not like room, it was wet, price is expensive, it is not equivalent 300 usd for night, i can pay 100 usd for that kind of room, location was good, personals was good, only small room, and wet...",2
6193, July 2017,Avoid it,"Got room 631. Tiniest and noisiest room I've even stayed in : right next to the lift, you hear it all day/night long, loudly. Staff was ruff when I did complain about that. Don't deserve money they ask for ! Think I'm gonna check out before.",1
6194, July 2017,Row NYC July 17',"Excellent location, busy (positive caractistic from my point of view), fee per day, fee per delivery, great wi-fi speed, no early check in (only after 4:00 nonnegotiable), no late check out (only until noon nonnegotiable), just one drinking fountain I could find, getting theater tickets with the concierge was expensive (bought at TKTS instead), competent housekeepeing, no minibar, complementary fruit and water (and a lovely card) for our weeding anniversary, cabs in front of the hotel, good blinds for the windows in the room, cartepeating in the room, air conditioning, 8 elevators, better security at night",4
6195, July 2017,Magnificent location,"Good location, value for money 💰 Time square 100 meters away and hotel inside the Broadway 🎭 Central Park 1 km away, everything available around the hotel, restaurants, shopping centers and night life...",5
6196, July 2017,Horrible tourist Money Pit,We reserved a room for two people and we were given perhaps the smallest hotel room I've ever seen with a bed that would barely be big enough for one. That was not a cheap room at all almost $500. we checked out faster than it took us to check in. There was vomit on the floor next to the elevator and even though the staff was present to tell people to mind their step I watched a number of guests almost slip and fall in it because nobody thought it was their job to clean it up. Disgusting! would never go back. When we spoke to the manager she informed us that she wouldn't change our room so we told her that we needed to leave as the room was not acceptable for two people and she told us that she would refund us all deposits and fees for the 10 minute stay but I still had to call,1
6197, July 2017,Stay in Row NYC,"Great hotel, great location, great atmosphere. Rooms were very good. We got an upgrade when we booked in which was a great welcome. Beds v. comfortable and rooms cleaned every day. The location was perfect-minutes to Time Square and Broadway. Busy, bustling hotel which we really enjoyed. Breakfast was included in our deal which was v. good, croissant, tea/coffee/juice and fruit. We had breakfast overlooking Time square every day which was great. Staff were very helpful. We had a great time here. Thank you to all the staff.",5
6198, July 2017,"Location, location, location!","Great location to shopping, theater, subway, and bus service. Easily walkable. Felt completely safe. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Rooms clean and maid service was excellent and prompt. This was our 4th time staying here. Will be back!",5
6199, July 2017,Takemetothecity,This Hotel is In a great location close to Times Square and walking distance to a lot of New York's most common sightseeing locations. The hotel itself is small but clean and the staff is very friendly. Our room was an upgrade with a city view (gorgeous view of the Hudson) and it was typical NY style accommodations very small. We did have a problem with our carpet being wet from the air conditioner under the window but other than that it was very comfy. We would definitely stay here again.,5
6200, July 2017,Quick trip to New York,Great location near Times Square mid town. Perfect for theater going. Excellent fresh food restaurant on Mezzanine: city kitchen. Good for breakfast and quick lunch. Very hip atmosphere in hotel. Great service. Rooms are small but very nicely appointed. Very comfortable and clean.,5
6201, July 2017,I can recommend this hotel,"No refrigerator in the room, room was very small for three persons. But location of this hotel is great. Don't forget charge adapter. Not enough place for clothes (if you prefer to take with you not one t-shirt only)",4
6202, July 2017,It's sham!Do NOT stay here!,Tiny rooms!! Horrible staff all around!! Even though place was renovated in 2009 it's obvious all the budget for it went to a lavish lobby that makes you think your staying at a different place as soon as you get to your room! BIG RIP OFF!! Ice not on every floor!! INCOMPETENT MANAGEMENT STAFF!! Huge lines at the desk. The bones of this 1928 building stick out like a sore thumb!! This place sucks!!,1
6203, July 2017,Almost grade 4,"The extra ""facility tax"" charged to me was really unfair since it was not mentioned anywhere when I booked the hotel. This information was just mentioned in the voucher, of course when everything was already aproved (payment). Too crowded, loads of people 24/7 at the lobby. Concierge Junior was the best person there. Very polite and helpfull when I needed. Room was pretty good (superior, twin beds).",3
6204, July 2017,Good,"Wonderful location and clean. The service for baggage was exceptional, but the service at the front desk/check-in was rather poor. Also, checking in takes way too long because rooms are not ready, with long lines.",3
6205, July 2017,Very good experience,"Great location near the theaters, time square, central park and other atractions. The room was very nice, awesome bed, good bath, but they charged us WiFi and other things apart when it said that it was free.",4
6206, July 2017,Bad,The room was too small. We didn't even have space to move around. The service was poor and people on the front desk were rude. The breakfast was a joke not enough for one person. I would discourage people from staying here.,1
6207, July 2017,Scam and Rip off,"They ripped me off, this was a shady deal. They advertise a certain price per night, but apparently there is a $33/ night service fee added to the cost, which is never made clear at any point in the booking process. I ended up paying $100 more than I expected to. I could have gone somewhere else for less money.",1
6208, July 2017,Room Description Not Clear,"Rooms with only a full bed should be discounted and should not be advertise as a ""full/queen"" - I would have paid slightly more to be guaranteed a queen, but we got a full. It made for a rough night of sleep.",3
6209, July 2017,Should be called Skid Row Hotel.,This was the worst Hotel that I have ever walked into. I tried to avoid the hour long process to check in and asked if I could check my bag and come back The amswer was no. Horrible and dirty!Avoid!!!,1
6210, July 2017,Great location but thats it,"Small rooms, extremely loud aircondition unit that starts every five minutes so that it can not be run over night if you want to sleep. The door to the bathroom is a sliding door that does neither close nor lock so there is no privacy when using the toilet. Beds are comfortable and good The location is great, 5 minutes walk to Times Square.",3
6211, July 2017,Zero Customer Service,"First, I had to call multiple times before my visit to get them to confirm my reservations. They kept saying only the front desk could see them since I made them through Groupon. But the front desk said they couldn't confirm, either. I finally got a confirmation 2 days before my visit. Second, I see people say great location. I disagree. Shop around. Third, The rooms were so small. One person would have to crawl over the beds to move from side to side if there was a 2nd person standing up in the room. And they were called Deluxe City View and the only view was the very trashy roof of the building next door. Fourth, I had originally booked 2 nights, then later added on a 3rd night. When I added the 3rd night, they told me when I checked in to remind them and they would make",1
6212, July 2017,Dirty hotel,"The rooms were very very dirty and small. Everything had a foul odor of grim like the elevators, rooms and hallways. Great location and nice price point...awful experience. I slept with the lights on.",2
6213, July 2017,Row NYC,"We had a 6 day stay at the Row NY, it is very central, one block from Times Square, Broadway shows and we found great eating places nearby. The rooms were big enough and clean. Staff, concierge and luggage handlers all friendly and efficient. As an Aussie, we love a jug to make that late night or early morning cuppa, this is my only negative, there is a cafe on the ground level where we could buy a cup of tea last thing at night before heading up to our room. But not quite the same as making it yourself!",4
6214, July 2017,"Rooms are good, can't say the same for the rest though","The room is as advertised and quite nice. Definitely clean, although the doors are somewhat thin and you will be able to hear your neighbours and people in the hall. But hey, like the city itself is quiet at all, it's not that bothersome. The main negative here was the check in process. It's a chaos pretty much any time you come in, half of the staff doesn't really care/want to interact with customers, overall a slow process and the vibe feels forced. In short; pretty good room, if you can handle the ""fun"" check in.",3
6215, July 2017,Good Expensive Property,I stayed in this property last week and would like to highly recommend it for its location. But the location is the only good thing here as rooms are very small inspite me taking their top premium room. Also they don't have room service for getting food etc. Washroom are so small that you can hardly take bath. So if these doesn't matter then go ahead else look for some bigger rooms.,3
6216, July 2017,Creat location,"Fantàstic location only five minutes away front Times Square. Also five minutes to Port Authority Bus Terminal and Subway. Well reformed. In my opinion, the only negative thing us that if you are four people in the there's not enough storage space.",4
6217, July 2017,Don Not Stay Here,Staff was very rude. They did not greet me. They were very brut. Cleanliness was not there. Rust in the bathroom. When I complained I was brushed off with an Im sorry. The room had and odor and television did not work.,1
6218, July 2017,Good for quick Stay,"The hotel definitely services it's purpose for a quick stay in the heart of NYC. Not sure how great it is for families or business travelers as the amenities and service is pretty sub-par. The Check-in line is pretty outrageous so kudos for having express check-out. Expect to travel floor to floor in search of ice and water. Rooms are quaint, definitely great for couples.",3
6219, July 2017,No Air Condition,"The hotel was very crowded, and there was very limited space for lounging. The hallways outside the rooms were very loud. The bar was out of most types of beer. There was nothing on draft, and when we finally hit upon a brand that they had in stock it was not cold. However, our biggest complaint was that the AIR CONDITION DID NOT WORK the last two nights of our stay. We reported it, but it was never fixed.",1
6220, July 2017,Great in many ways but added taxes a ripoff,"Great check in and location. Room was great , bed comfortable and all good so far. Big surprise to get check for what I thought would be about 220 usd and was more than 300 with taxes ! Be careful you have worked our charges first . Not worth 300 + for a night unfortunately in a single room .",3
6221, July 2017,Good location,"We stayed 4 nights here in July on the 22nd floor twin room. Good points, strong wifi password is your name and room number, safe in room , iron, hairdryer, tv on wall, air con,room cleaned every day and sheets changed, shower over bath with good water pressure, lifts were quick, you press your number outside lift and it tells you which lift to use i.e. a b or c. When you check out you can leave your luggage in hotel if your flight is later, Sure there is street noise but this is New York, some decor issues but you will be out most of the time. Good restaurant across the road Shake Shack, you're right round the corner from Times Square and metro station a few blocks down. You get charged a service fee of $30 night to cover safe, wifi , gym etc",4
6222, July 2017,In the middle of actions,"Great location of the hotel. We are one block away from Time Square and 2 blocks away from Port Authority bus port and subways. Very convenient for everything. Nice comfortable bed. There was an issue with the bathroom sink, but it was resolved immediately and the hotel wavied the resort fee because of it.",4
6223, July 2017,Great hotel at a great price in a great location!,"Very convenient to all areas in NYC! Great for seeing Broadway shows, going uptown or downtown! Reasonably priced, great hotel breakfast deals, and food mall adjacent. Helpful staff and friendly worldwide vibe!",4
6224, July 2017,Row Nyc Experience,"Overall it was a great hotel due to proximity from Times square and Madame Tussauds. Great location and many great places to dine nearby. However, since we did not add the $1 breakfast at the time of booking, we were not allowed to add it later to our trip which was a little absurd.",4
6225, July 2017,Very centric,"Very good located, a lot of near places, walk distance, MTA @cross street, quick shops and food at any time. Central park, Times square, theatres, subways are really near by. At this time is remodeling the Hotel interiors.",4
6226, July 2017,The factory for mass tourism!,"First night: room stuck between the A/C machine and one elevator. Second night: overbooking, we've been sent to another (worse) hotel. Very disappointed as we've been frequent customers. So we'll avoid during the high season...",1
6227, July 2017,"Horrible, crowded hotel, submarine room","This hotel's mission is to herd cattle through tiny rooms as fast as possible. Our room was so small and the AC set on full-on freeze mode or nothing, that either we were cold or it was stuffy. Hated the layout of the floors and bathroom was likewise unpleasant. Don't go!",1
6228, July 2017,Very Overpriced,"Rooms were tiny - nowhere to put suitcases never mind unpack. Front desk very unhelpful - when i asked if we could have 2 rooms together (which I had requested in the booking) they just said they didn't have any, no explanation and no apology. Rooms not clean enough..",1
6229, June 2017,Not happy!!!,"I booked our room 30 days in advance through a third party agency, which states you do not have to pay until check in, the use your CC to ""hold"" your reservation. We arrived at 6pm and they had sold our room because they tried to charge my credit card (which I knew did not have enough on it to cover the room which I wanted to pay in cash upon check in), so they sold my room. This is and FYI make sure if you use the ""hold"" and not pay services that there is enough on CC for at least one night room rate or you will be out of luck. NOT HAPPY WITH THIS PLACE",1
6230, July 2017,Beautiful Family Trip,This was the best trip that my family have experienced so far! The hotel was so beautiful and in the middle of everything. My children and I loved every part of the experience of New York and this hotel.,5
6231, July 2017,Ann,Really comfy beds. Staff friendly. Excellent location. Room appeared not to be hoovered at times but otherwise things were fine. Check in was slow but the girl we met was lovely. District M seemed a bit overpriced but enjoyed meal in city kitchen sitting by windows looking out,4
6232, July 2017,Save your money and stay elsewhere -,There are much better hotels for this price with better location and ammentities - I got a king bed with a 23 meter room in the flatiron district for lesser price in a much better hotel! Staff was extremely curt and to the point - I had to get the booking website to intervene to get an early checkout from the hotel!,1
6233, July 2017,Money factory,Money factory not a hotel we had a Bed for 1 person ! We ask the front desk no consideration for the guest ! We are only money ! Long Life for the charm & the quality of small hôtels with personnalized service not the row !,1
6234, July 2017,Not our best trip to New York,Ok .. Customer Service was terrible except for the girl who checked us out.. There was a hole in the outlet behind the mirror.. No outlet .. just a hole with installation popping out.. paint around the window in the bathroom was chipping off..,2
6235, July 2017,Perfectly located!,"Really well located! Good price! Everything is close by! My overall experience was perfect! And I enjoyed my stay! The staff was great! And the room was clean! I will coming back, for sure... Thank You!",5
6236, July 2017,Bad in everything,Not happy with this hotel the guy the one it help with the luggage when we arrived he didn't offer for help are all is my first time no one said the reception is this way. And when I get there the lady she was not friendly,1
6237, July 2017,Great theater location!!,"We had a fantastic time. Close to shopping, restaurants and theaters. We walked ten blocks from the train station and everywhere else afterwards. No taxis or metro required. Amazingly clean and convenient!!",5
6238, July 2017,Travelor,"The location is great!! Hotel is OK. For cost of Room, we would have liked to have a coffee pot or at least some cups for water. The staff was friendly, room was clean. We loved to cafe area in lobby, offers good breakfast items. Loved the cappuccino!",3
6239, July 2017,Nice place to stay near Time Square,"Comfortable clean easy access to all things in Manhattan. Walking distance to Rockfeller Center, Time Square and right in the middle of the Theater district. Would recommend to anyone interested in Broadway shows.",4
6240, July 2017,WRONG ROOM,"Was givin a handicap room and staff would not correct. Try taking a shower at 6'-2"" when the shower head is 4' off the floor. The rest of the room had everything handicap accessible. A very uncomfortable experience. And by the way the $70.00 facuiilty fee was excessive.",3
6241, June 2017,Three night stay in the city that never sleeps,"Perfect location for exploring the city Easy and seamless check in and out at the row Nyc . Nice bedrooms , asked travel agents to request a city view room and the hotel obliged . Great food court attached to the hotel with a variety of food choices . City tax reasonable for such a central hotel . Staff all friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend and stay again 😀😀 photo view from room !!",4
6242, July 2017,Could've been better .....,The hotel lobby was lovely..... walked in thinking I was somewhere really special..... once we got up to the room that impression of the hotel changed.... the rooms are entirely too small.... the bathroom had a horrible sewer-like smell.... walls were dirty.... Housekeeping was excellent and I felt the location of the hotel was awesome.... right in the middle of everything,3
6243, June 2017,"""honeymoon""","We have been treated very badly. Personnel was very unfriendly, the room they gave us was very small, not very clean, it had an internal view on a piece of pipe and we did not have any kind of welcome. Also, for a honeymooners treatment we have been asked for additional money!",1
6244, June 2017,"Dirty, loud, small but quite good location","Had brown stains!? On bed sheets upon arrival. Bathroom was dirty. Air Con extremely loud. No actual bathroom door. On top of that we got a wake up call every day we never asked for. Spent way too much time at front desk. Despite their promises to change the sheets right away and fix the phone, it took 2 days and several reminders until the sheets were actually changed. The phone was never fixed.",1
6245, June 2017,Great hotel with even better location,I had never been to New York before but when I got there it was amazing and this hotel has the best location for all ideal hot spots for seeing all attractions New York has to offer. It was a great experience to stay so close to Times Square and the staff in the hotel were nice and friendly.,5
6246, July 2017,Great value,"I love staying here because of the location and great price. However, I was very disappointed in the view from our room and that we weren't given the option to have 2 beds instead of only a double. I would recommend staying here but be sure and request a city view. I also think the hotel should offer free or very discounted parking.",5
6247, July 2017,Not so inexpensive when you consider what you are paying for.,"Rooms are too small for the beds that are in them. They are literally for sleeping. Do not expect to spend time reading or working on your computer - no room. Also, do not expect to eat meals in the room. Literally no place to sit to do anything other than the beds. I had two teens and it was their first visit to NYC to attend a Dance Intensive. Will never stay there again.",2
6248, July 2017,"Great location, love the automated check in/check out","This hotel is an amazing location for theaters and Times Square. There are also many restaurants--both sit down and quick--right at the doorstep. Upgrading to a room with a view and a little further from the street noise is worth it, as is their automated check in and check out. The staff is wonderful--the gentlemen who store your bags are so friendly and were great to my kids. Ditto for the concierge. Our last day we stored our bags as we had a late flight out, and when we returned about 3 to collect them the hotel only had ONE man working the baggage desk. There was a loooong line of customers getting cranky to check in their bags and the poor guy was scrambling to get returning folks their luggage so they didn't miss flights. He finally just had them follow him back to",4
6249, July 2017,Great central location with a nice buzz,"Booked this as a treat weekend, loved the location and the overall vibe. All pre arrival communication was fantastic and on site everything was nice and easy. Room was fine, everything you would need. Being British I do like a kettle though for my afternoon tea :)",5
6250, July 2017,Great property in the heart of Times Square/Theatre District,"We have stayed at ROW NYC many times and have always had a positive experience. Clean comfortable room, reasonably priced within walking distance to many attractions. Make use of early check in & check out on line, saves time waiting in long lines at the counters.",5
6251, July 2017,location is great but was unhappy otherwise,"Checkin took close to 30 min, room was tiny, humid and smelled, washroom was not thoroughly cleaned.The only thing this hotel has to offer is its location which is in the heart of times square. Too expensive for what they are offering.",1
6252, July 2017,service improvement,"except the food service there is also another issue with the payment we did the reservation by booking.com and when we arrived they did not accept to pay cash and we used our credit card After that we realised that they blocked extra 100 $ for guarantee the payment but we did not know that before, so we could prefer to pay with cash that was unacceptable because we were not warned about that before they used the card",3
6253, July 2017,2nd Day stay/ unexpected & exciting,"This is the second part of my review, Room size was adequate, the view of the city is amazing (Thank you Gezennia). We came down and found a festival right outside the entrance...streets were closed, music, food, vendors everywhere. The location of this hotel is perfect if you want to be right in the middle of the excitement, The tour buses are right outside, to take all over the city ""It is Worth It"" we used TopView. Walk to time square in a less than 5 minutes, Broadway shows within a block. We will be returning to Row NYC. It's the best value for your money. Clean Room, nice staff, modern decor! Loved it!",5
6254, July 2017,Mandatory Resort Fee,"I booked via Expedia which does. It charge for resort fees that gets charged at check-out. The clerk said it was a mandatory fee to use the gym and business services. If it's mandatory why not just make it's part of the cost. Anyway, it's location is good, customer service ok, early check-in costs $60+, rooms are tiny, the bell hop was great, but will likely opt to a better hotel in the future since the price would be the same considering the resort fee.",2
6255, June 2017,No room with a view.,"For what I paid, I expected breakfast (as my friends got) only got a breakfast card on my last day. Also for what I paid, I should have been in a better placed room, not next to the elevator and air conditioning pipework, with their constant noise.",3
6256, June 2017,wonderful location. small rooms,Pleasant stay overall. Would be back again for sure . Rooms are small (we had room for 4) We didn't take breakfast. There are plenty of cafés around and one food court place right across the street. The famous shake shake is also across the street! We will be back again.,4
6257, July 2017,ROW NYC - Perfect for Me,"Traveling solo to a conference, ROW NYC was the perfect location to access my conference, utilize the subway and see Broadway shows in the evening. There are plenty of food options and I was able to enjoy a street fair on Saturday.",5
6258, July 2017,Not worth the cheap price,"This hotel is like a chipotle style of restaurant. You will need to stand in long lines, ask for every item you need, and you will be charged extra for everything. They say wifi is free but you will see a $60 ""service charge"" for wifi and unlimited local calls. What a joke. Plus they will add an additional $40 per night to whatever you pay online for hotel tax. When I told them I already paid tax through the website they told me this is something separate. In addition to this nightmare, because I checked in early, they tried to charge me $100 dollars. I had to have them fix this to $50. Our entire floor spelled of a moldy basement and I had no cell service. 10/10 would not recommend. Worth the extra money to stay at a legit hotel.",1
6259, July 2017,Excellent service,"It was a great location and good service. My accommodation was great and the ambience was amazing. When I checked inti the hotel, the front desk man Mr. Douglas was welcoming and did everything to make my stay comfortable abd convenient. He offered services without having to ask for it. It was a pleasant stay",5
6260, July 2017,Row Hotel - NYC - July 4th 2017,Pros: The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. Great location! Just a short walk from the theatres and Times Square. Cons: All the hallways I visited were poorly lit and under construction. Several ice machines (on alternate floors) didn't work so I had to go several floors away just to get ice.,3
6261, July 2017,Great location; great atmosphere,"The location was awesome! My fiancé and I got a good deal on booking.com, the hotel rooms are small, but very vibrant! Check-in can be a little hectic due to small elevators. Overall we enjoyed our stay!",3
6262, July 2017,Great Hotel to stay.,Our room is too little but is ok for two. Hotel need some improves and maybe the rooms too but not is a big deal. The Hotel is near to a lot of places in a walking distances. Staff was great. Sure I will return on my next vacation in NYC.,4
6263, July 2017,Great Stay,I really enjoyed my stay. Would recommend this hotel. 5 minutes from time square. Room service was great. Vi feel safe at the hospital tel. Rooms were very clean. It is a great stay for all ages. I will come back again.,5
6264, July 2017,Too expensive for what they offer,"The location is good, room is OK (a bit small) clean, well conserved modern. Elevators are slow. Front desk crew not very nice rest of the crew is. Averall the hotel is OK but if you considering the price is not really a good choice",3
6265, July 2017,Stay at The Row,"Great location and price if you are looking for your first NYC experience. Clean rooms. Decent size for the city. Check-in and elevator situation needs addressing. Prepare to wait in line forever...decent internet. Friendly front desk people, just need more of them.",3
6266, July 2017,Misleading hotel,Not what I expected rooms are for the money. Was very disappointed made for collage students not family's to small. And elevators confusing. Don't know what else I. An say served its purpose as long as your only looking for a place to sleep.,3
6267, July 2017,Interesting experience,Overall it was ok. Personally it felt a bit grimy due to the cleanliness. I found hair in the shower and the provided cups have been priviouly used before or conained something in them. The hallways are dark overall. The beds were comfortable and the room itself was well decorated,3
6268, July 2017,ROW,The service was not as good as I had expected. Front desk clerks were not friendly at all. The location is great but the rooms are too small. The bed sheets smelled like it was not washed. I will not recommend this hotel and may not to stay here in the future. I stayed at Riu Hotel last month. The service is far better than Row.,2
6269, June 2017,Read this if you want to save money.,"Everything was absolutely fine. For one of the lower priced midtown hotels, this was good. Staff at reception desk were very polite and helpful. Location is perfect for times square etc. I would definitely book this place again. Very safe area of new york. *** to save money *** Prices were much lower the week before than several months before. If you book well in advance, its worth checking and rebooking nearer the time. We saved about 30% off the room price.",4
6270, July 2017,Good Hotel,"This is a good hotel. The best part hands down, is the location. In my opinion, I think the hotel staffs ""gets away"" with some basic customer service mishaps because of the location. For example, I Will always stay there when I come to NY even though there is always a problem (not disclosing facilities charges, not providing printing services even though they say they will...) because of the the location. GREAT location.",3
6271, July 2017,Don't stay here ever !,"This hotel was horrible. The room was dirty , the staff was rude. Check in took forever. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone, whatever you do don't stay here. Also the bathroom was disgusting. Never again !",1
6272, June 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"We had a really good experience. Hotel was convenient to where we were going to be most of our stay. The cost was reasonable considering the location and the quality of the room. I don't think I would do the upgrade next time as I didn't see much difference between our room and the ones that were not upgraded. There was not much atmosphere and the ""view"" was limited. But still, it was relatively in expensive. We didn't use the food services. They seemed to be popular with those we saw using them. Sitting in the bar area was pleasant, but a little loud. There really isn't much more to say. I thought the elevator system was fun, and the staff were generally helpful and polite.",4
6273, July 2017,I always stay here when in NYC,"I love this hotel. Perfect location for a theater lover who wants to be close to all the shows. The airports transport drop off right across the block, there's a subway on the corner, it's a safe central area and the decor is modern.",5
6274, June 2017,"Great room, great price","I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. Walking distance to time square and many restaurants. The staff was very nice. Also the city kitchen is connected to the hotel so you can easily run and grab breakfast, lunch or dinner if you want to avoid the city crowd for an evening. Highly recommend!",5
6275, July 2017,Short stay in NYC,The maids were so very helpful. This contrasted greatly with the lack of service at the desk and from the concierge. No one was available to answer questions and I had to wait for over half an hour to get my key recoded. No water bottles in the room. When we asked about it we were sent back to our room to phone customer services!! And when we did this we couldn't get through. Three days into our stay and we still don't have water bottles,3
6276, July 2017,"Good for cost conscious traveler, not so much for business","I stayed two night at this hotel, on the face of it it kind of has a W hotel like charm about it (at least at checking) I will start off by saying that this hotel is astonishing value for money, $150 a night is an absolute steal, and you are right in the thick of it. If price is king then stay here, however I felt that to attain this price per night check in and bell staff are lacking, due to the volume of mostly holidaymakers clogging up understaffed desks everywhere. No chance of a early checking, did not receive the QR code to automatically get my card when I came after 4PM which saw me wait in a 30 minute line. There is even a free drink and breakfast danish in the morning. The hallways are going through a renovation throughout, dimly lit and not very welcoming. I",3
6277, June 2017,Nice Hotel - Great Location,"The Row is a clean modern hotel providing great service to guests. Within easy walking distance to theater district, Times Square and Central Park. The only ""downside"" is the crazy elevator system where you will frequently have to wait 10-15 minutes to catch a lift to your floor.",4
6278, June 2017,A visit only Hell could repeat,"Upon arriving at yet another tired big old hotel dressed up in cheap clothing, i was checked into my room. Upon entering, I was greeted by filthy (yes, FECES!) covered towels, everywhere in the bathroom. The rest of the room was filthy too. Went down to reception where the uninterested staff passed my phone with the pics around in amusement to the others, and rechecked me into another of their rooms. No upgrade. After a good night's sleep, I was met with a bill under the door for their USD$32 plus tax ""facilities fee"". Upon further investigation, reception informed me this was lawyer speak for an additional hotel fee. Nice try ROW. Not happening - taxes are one thing, blatant cash grabs from your guests are another. Fed up with the hotel, I went out to meet a friend for",1
6279, July 2017,My Favorite Place to Stay in NYC,This is the place to stay in NYC!! I have stayed here 3 times and it has never let me down. Rooms are clean and updated. The hotel is right near the heart of Time Square. I recommend adding on the breakfast for $1 as it is totally worth it! I will definitely stay here again!,4
6280, June 2017,Great location,"Everything about NY is near. Time square only 200m, plenty of restaurants, shopping, subway very convenient. Room clean and. confortable. Perfect for short or long stay . Elevators smelly to urine and some common areas. Staff friendly but very straight forward.",5
6281, June 2017,"Great location, wonderful staff and marvelous rooms!","Row NYC is in the best possible part of the city if you're visiting the theatre district. The valet parking was very efficient, and check-in took a bit of time, but it was during primetime. Zac checked me in and was super friendly and even upgraded my room. The room itself was great and very modern, all at a more-than-reasonable price. I will definitely be back!",5
6282, July 2017,Moldy bathrooms and unfriendly staff,Rooms were not ready until after 7 pm. Baseboard missing from walls in hallways. Mold growing in large quantities on bathroom ceilings in BOTH of our hotel rooms. Extremely rude staff from front door check in to checking out after 4 days.,1
6283, July 2017,our stay in your hotel,not a good experience. The rooms were very dirty. I watched the housekeeper remove a dirty pillowcase and dust the TV with it. The ledge on the bathroom that runs along the toilet had inches of dust on it. When I asked for a pillow that was not feather (due to allergies) the staff could not guarantee me that the pillow did not have feathers . When we asked for extra towels as there were three of us in the room staff was not happy to do that for us,1
6284, July 2017,Overall fine experience,Stay was ok. There was air conditioner which was not working up to the mark. Called for service but didn't help. Room was too hot. Could have been better. Also asked for airport transfers but they didn't grant one saying it's too late,3
6285, June 2017,Perfect location and fabulous vibe!,"This hotel is my favorite in all of NYC. Easy in/out, perfect location, clean, cool, hip. Taxis always available, best location for Times Square access, Broadway show access, excellent eateries. I've stayed here many years since it was the Milford, and now that it's The Row it's even more fabulous! Go. Stay. Love.",5
6286, July 2017,Customer service is very unprofessional.,"Will not stay again in this hotel and will certainly will not recommend among family, friends and company colleague. When we check in to this hotel with many bags on one come forward to assist us and a bunch of porter guys are having conversation among themselves and giggling and laughing. No attention to guest while check in . No courtesy manner",1
6287, July 2017,Perfect hotel to stay in NYC,"Beautifully upgraded, clean spacious room. Patrick the concierge was so helpful when we asked for a quieter room. All wheelchair accessible. 5 minutes from Times Square. Couldn't have asked for better",5
6288, July 2017,1st Day Gezennia & Edgar A+,"We are on our 15th anniversary celebration weekend and decided to go to New York last minute. The best rates in the city we are right in the middle of everything. The best part of our stay here so far was the welcome we received from Edgar the moment we approached the hotel. Gezennia at the front is the best, I had some concerns about my reservation and she took care of everything gave us an upgrade and great view of the city. We'll see how day 2 goes :-)",5
6289, July 2017,"Love, love ROW NYC!","I have stayed at the ROW NYC the past two years. Check in and check out is very easy with phone. The staff is always helpful and friendly! The rooms are clean. The location is great- a few blocks to Times Square, subway, many Broadway plays and Carlos Bakery! I wouldn't stay at any other place in NYC after finding ROW NYC!",5
6290, July 2017,good location - noisy and tight room,"The room had a terrible AC that was really noisy and also it wasn't really clean. I would not recommend this hotel for families traveling with small children like me. On the bright side, being behind times square was absolutely great!",3
6291, July 2017,small room and bed,"I chose deluxe room with city view. But it was pretty small room with small double funny bed. City View is a big lie too, choose standart room instead. Very crowded hotel . location is perfect though.",3
6292, June 2017,Okay customer service,We never got to stay... the hotel was overbooked. We found that out after waiting in an hour long check-in line. We were sent to another hotel free of charge. But after all it takes to get a family into a hotel and wait for an hour the whole thing left a bad taste in our mouths and can't even think of recommending the hotel.,2
6293, August 2016,"Wonderful Hotel, very modern and attentive staff!","This hotel is beautiful. I was lucky enough to stay on the 27th floor facing towards the Hudson. The sunrise and sunsets were beautiful. I stayed here for 6 nights in April 2016. The room was very clean and a reasonable size (as to be expected in NYC!). The food court and bar had a good variety of food for breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks! with views over the street it was excellent to sit and people watch. The location is perfect. Less than a 10 minute walk to Times Square and less than 5 to Port Authority bus terminal. I would definitely being returning to Row NYC on my next visit to NYC. All round an excellent hotel.",5
6294, July 2017,The best location,The hotel has an excellent location. The subway is only a few steps from there. It's super clean and the personal was really friendly. The only problem that I had was when we were doing the check in..there were so many people doing it besides us and only one person of the staff. Despite of that I will definitely come back.,5
6295, June 2017,Horrible Staff Service!!!!,"Staff by the name Nicole was disrespectful and ridiculed my family and I as we waited for our room in front of guest. There check-in time is 4 pm. We arrived at 6:30 am. Yes, we waited all those hours!",4
6296, June 2017,If you travel with kids,"This hotel good for a single person, maybe on a business trip. If you are a family and travel with kids look for another hotel. The winding narrow corridors with concrete and graffiti gave a very creepy, unsettling feeling, I guess I am too old-fashioned. But on the positive side the stuff was great, and the rooms were clean.",3
6297, July 2017,unsatsified,"Room safe didnt work,didnt get our water bottles, upgraded view was awful hotel hallways looked horrible w ripped off molding, room was very small the movie channel played one movie, breakfast was over priced for barley anything and the little lobby store had nothing as well.",2
6298, July 2017,Clean hotel but poor staff,"The hotel facilities are ok but the rooms are very small and the staff are the rudest I’ve ever had to encounter in my years of travelling. They just try to con you into getting more money from you, this starts at the front door with the concierge who flat out ask you for a tip in front of everyone, to the check in staff who try to up sell you more expensive rooms as a way of allowing you to check in and use the facilities earlier. They have got their service model all wrong, make sure you pay your staff enough so they don’t need to hassle the customers for more money.",2
6299, July 2017,Great location and value,We loved our stay here. It is just a short walk to most of the shows and Times Square. The room was perfect for us. Clean and big enough for our needs. The bellman were very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back in the future.,5
6300, July 2017,Excellent,"This hotel is conveniently located right near Times Square! Excellent room for the price. This is the second year in a row that we have stayed here, and would recommend it for anyone who has never been to NYC!",5
6301, July 2017,"The city is quick moving, check in is not",The location is great minus the fact there is A LOT of foot traffic in this area of Times Square. The hotel paint and interior seemed outdated and could have been better maintained. The internet was slow even though I had full bars. Check in was later than usual at 4pm and the biggest downfall was how extremely slow it was to check in. The line was so backed up. This could use improvement. Rooms were very clean.,3
6302, June 2017,Avarege hotel,The room was just ok. Not very clean. The room key card didn't work we had to go twice to replace it. Our floor was under renovation so it was a little noisy. The bath room needed a new paint job and there floor wasn't always clean.,3
6303, July 2017,What a great place to stay,"This is hands down one of the best hotels in New York for value. The location was amazing, the price was even better considering our first night was the 4th of July! I've already rebooked here for my next 2 trips. Location was absolutely perfect, and right round the corner from my favourite pizza place in the world",5
6304, July 2017,A Great Value,"Small, very clean rooms and baths with all the necessities and a perfect location at 44th/45th Street at 8th Ave. Older, remodeled hotel used by lots of families and young people. Very safe. Rooms priced considerably below the competition. We have stayed there many times.",5
6305, June 2017,Family Trip!,My family decided to visit NYC for the first time from NC. We drove in for the weekend for my daughter's 16th! birthday. The hotel is very affordable and the location is in heart theatre district. The concierge took care of all our sightseeing tours and shows. The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating. One negative part of our trip was the doorman German. He was very hostile because the car was parked front of the hotel. I told him my husband went inside to ask for information about the cost and the location of the parking lot. He told me to pay him 70 and he will valet the car for us. Towards the end of our stay we paid additional fee for the parking. We got robbed by this man! I'm sure we weren't the only one. Please stay away from this person!,4
6306, July 2017,Worst Stay.,Condition of room was extremely poor. Sheets were filthy and to make matters worse we found a pair of dirty socks on the floor. ( not our socks). Do NOT pay extra for their breakfast package. You have the option of an apple or banana. That's it. We approached customer service about our experience and they do NOT care. We were just pushed aside. I will never ever ever stay in this hotel again.,1
6307, June 2017,Ridiculous facilities fee.,"The Row is the least expensive way to get a clean room near Times Square. However, be prepared for the room to be tiny. The condition of the room is good, but signs of age are easily found. Additionally, we were charged an additional fee of almost $30 per day for the infamous ""facilities fee."" If you think paying for your room pays for the hotel ""facilities,"" think again. This is just another way for the hotel to advertise a good price, but then bump it up with additional fees.",3
6308, July 2017,Desperate hotel,The lady I talked to on the phone was very nasty and acted as if the hotel will really lose out if I was to cancel. I did not want to cancel but my flight was not until the next day. I would think that a hotel in time square would not need to prey on a person that really could not make it for the stay. She told me the people that deal with cancellations were off for the day and there was nothing she could do but charge me for the room. So I'm really hurt that this has to happen when I have a legitimate reason for not making my reservation. Again I do not have $181.00 to just give away. I hope someone from this hotel would contact me to make this right.,1
6309, July 2017,"Massive; dirty, packed, rude and affordable","The epitome of mass tourism; this massive 1300 room property provides guests with one of the most impersonal hotel experiences you will find in NYC. The lobby is jammed packed with hordes of tourists that overcrowd every corner of the undersized public areas. The experience is similar to that one of an airport on a holiday weekend; which includes the presence of airline flight crews (never a good sign) that overnight at Row. The place is filthy, with trash on the floors, dents in walls, worn furniture upholstery and crowd management controls at the front desk and elevator lobby. Good luck catching an elevator. They are super small and overcrowded. In summary; Times Square style crowds inside a building. The corridors are dark and narrow with unfinished black ceilings. The",2
6310, July 2017,"Shawaiz, good","This hotel is at perfect location. I can walk or ride bike to central park, ground zero, broklen bridge and time square. Restaurents are also at very convenient location. Hotel has good parking system and great parking staff. Staff might show attiude if we don't tip them. When we arrived, the person who checked us in is insane and very rude. Next day, I learned whole NYC is full of rude people!! I met very few people who were nice in NYC.",4
6311, April 2017,experience at the Row Hotel in New York City,"I've been going to NYC now for about 10 years and have stayed at the Row Hotel consistently. I like the location, the people and service I get there. I have lots of privacy there and yet feel free to move around and explore. I'm never tempted by another hotel because I am completely satisfied with the ROW",5
6312, June 2017,Stay at Row NYC,"It was in a great and convenient location, close to many shops and restaurants and within walking distance to Time Square.Room was very clean. Staff was very friendly and helpful! Ice machine on our floor was broken our entire stay.",4
6313, July 2017,Worst hotel ever,"Staff was rude, rooms were small, security was not on point, anyone could come off the side of street and walk into hotel. I left my keys at hotel and I one would take the time to print me out a label to have them ship to me. Staff was only nice for the first 10 min of stay and that was because I was checking in and they wanted my money. I wish I would have just spent another 20 dollars and went to the Marriott",1
6314, July 2017,Good budget hotel in great location,"Very small room with no mini-fridge, and little storage space, but we did choose the least expensive room. The Times Square location is excellent, near the 42 St subway station and close to theatres and restaurants. Would stay again.",4
6315, July 2017,Wonderful Getaway,"Instead of driving home late after seeing a performance in Manhattan, we stayed the night @ Row NYC. What a wonderful experience. The clean, spacious room was reasonably priced, the location was terrific and the electronic check in was easy. Highly recommend it!!!",5
6316, July 2017,Good place to stay.,"This hotel is in a very good location, in Manhattan, close to Time square. Very clean and cute room to stay, and it's very convenient to check in and check out. Considering the location, the price is relatively cheap. Overall, it's a reasonable choice.",5
6317, June 2017,Back Again,We have stayed at the Row many times before which each time we are happy we did. The Row offers convenient location to Times Square and all the attractions. It is neat and clean. So each time we stay I feel compelled to write a review. I would highly recommend staying at the Row.,5
6318, July 2017,Terrible Front Desk Staff Attitude and Services!!!,"Seemed like a nightmare dealing with the front desk staff! She was so rude and inefficient! We arrived before midnight with short line but it took us awhile to complete the check in process. When we tried to get into our room, the key card didn't work, went downstairs, had to fall in line, got our new set of key cards, went upstairs, tried the new set of key card and still didn't work. We went back down again to the front desk, had to wait in line, and she told to wait in front of our room and a security guard will be coming to open our for us. The security guard came and he swiped his key card several times and didn't work. He blew the scanner slot trying to clean it, tried his key card again and finally worked after several swipes. We called the front desk the following",1
6319, June 2017,Great,"I'd love my experience in the Row and New York. All staff was very nice. The waiter tried to speak our language every morning in the breakfast, he was so kind about that. The kitchen city, the food court, is very nice.",4
6320, July 2017,Very good hotel,"The best location of the hotel, near from the Times Square. The hotel is very good with friendly stuff. Our room on the 24th floor was very nice. The elevators are very comfortable. With great pleasure we would stay in this hotel again.",5
6321, July 2017,Always stay at Rownyc,I always stay here when in NY. I was concerned when I first arrived as the hallway on my floor looked really beat up and worn but going to other floors it is the molding replacement on all floors. Maybe a sign on each floor advising guests of improvements in process. That way guests won't think the hotel has become run down,4
6322, July 2017,Recommended,"Very good location, clean rooms, very good service. I only stayed one night, but the experience was excellent. My coworkers recommended me Row NYC and I will recommend it to my friends and family. Thanks",5
6323, July 2017,Bad choice for kids,"If you are traveling with family or kids, this is not a good option. Carpet was very dirty and there were no support to family during my stay. I had to walk across the street to heat up my 1 year old bottles and dinner. I do not expect a microwave in all rooms due to the potential liability costs. However, they should at least have one microwave in case there is a special need for one their guests.",1
6324, June 2017,WOW - Customer Service - Service à la clientèle,"This hotel is conveniently located, close to time square and in the theater district. Me my souse and my parents booked a room with 2 double bed and breakfast. It was very nice and Breakfast was more than enought to start the day! Location is perfect to take the bus tours the hop on hop off is just outside. But New York is easier to visit when you take the metro which we found out after our 3 days visit! This hotel need a bit of love and renovation but the hotel staff from the front desk to the doorman are adorable, professional, courteous and wow CUSTOMER SERVICE NUMBER ONE!!! And we got to experience it for we had a little trouble with our room and they were just wonderful! The following people were just marvelous and their customer service skills were perfect!",4
6325, July 2017,Needs a lot of maintenance in drain pipes and air circulation,"The bathroom smelled a bit like sewer, when first arrived the shower was clogged. One electric power outlet did not work at first and could not watch TV until it was fixed. There were spiderwebs on the ceiling and the air did not feel fresh during stay. There were no ventilators on bathroom gravely affecting air quality.",1
6326, July 2017,The place to be :),"I am happy to have booked with Row NYC again this year! Again, convenient location (Timesquare, Broadway, Central Park, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center all walking distance!), lovely lobby aroma (smells real good!), felt secure, City Kitchen so yummy with many choices and warm smiley front desk staff. We booked for 5 days and had good night sleep. Additionally, Shakeema one of the receptionist was so amazing! She was all smiles and added a personal touch to our stay and gave us chocolate cake with strawberries (she knew it was our daughters 16th bday!). The little things mean so much! :) We will definitely be back for sure! Missing one star because the first receptionist that checked us in (pretty Latina lady) was unfortunately in a bad mood at that time and was pretty abrupt.",4
6327, July 2017,Specialities food show,"We had the pleasure of staying five nights at the 28th floor with a marvellous view of Manhattan city till the water front. Although crowded lobby all the time, we rooms were quiet, clean and cosy. We enjoyed the stay and appreciate support of courteous hotel team members. View from 28th floor. Thank you and All the best!!",5
6328, June 2017,Anniversary Trip,35 year anniversary trip. Concierge to hotel guest services did not go out of their way to greet or extend themselves to us upon checkin or checkout The parking and taxi valet were less than helpful and if you can imagine we had to carry our own luggage as well as seperate golf clubs to our rooms. So disappointed in housekeeping. Our fuse blew in the bathroom which is one of primary sources of light and they did not fix until next day.,1
6329, June 2017,Mixed feelings on this one,"Great location and some really nice staff, but management needs a lot of work. I was placed in a very loud room compliments of my complaining about the noise level on an immediately prior stay. I was informed that there was a note on my reservation and that I was being given a special room. It was right next to the elevator. I thought it was a joke. They did switch my room for which I am grateful.",2
6330, July 2017,25h anniversary,"Great place to stay and great location, would definitely use this place again and recommend it to friends. I came for my 25th anniversary and was recommended this place by a friend. It was my first ever to New York.",4
6331, June 2017,noise in the room aller the nights,"noise in the room . it was impossible to have a good night = alarms of Police, Firefighters, cars, People' crying .... We believed the Windows were opened. We couldn't sleeping. we reserved by booking and are not satisfied",3
6332, June 2017,Good Hotel in Ny,"Good hotel in Nyc, room cleaned, good neighborhood, underground and other public services next to the hotel. Near to Time Square and a lot of restaurants. Easy to reach airport jfk. Deluxe rooms are really good",4
6333, June 2017,Perfect location - room needs to be updated,"Bad carpet Too noisey toilet and AC Skirting/baseboard looked terrible in the room and by the elevator area. Also, maintenance was being performed on the floor so everything was work in progress, it seemed.",3
6334, June 2017,Solo Vacation,"Great room for value and location. Friendly helpful staff. Small lobby makes for crowds when entering/leaving. Most common areas were smaller than advertised, but still nice. I stayed for 5 nights with no measurable troubles. Would consider staying again.",4
6335, June 2017,Good Location but shocking otherwise,"This Hotel may look like its fantastic from when you walk into the lobby but that where it stops. on a number of occasions the cards stopped working for the room. the rooms are very small. they have this hidden charge for ""Resort Fee charge"" which is an extra 260dollars but they dont have any pool or Jacuzzi or anything like that. its a tiny one room gym with 3 machines. then they have a concierge down in the lobby who sells you tickets for the shows on Broadway and u pay double what you pay in the ticket office as they have there hidden charge for commission. we stayed 9 nights 10 days here. So it was our honeymoon here. and i didn't like it at all. the only positive was the cleaning staff for the rooms are fantastic. it has a good location but otherwise its a zoo. they also",1
6336, June 2017,Great location but ........,"We stayed in this hotel twice in three weeks. It was a tale of two visits the first was in a tired dated room and the second was a bright modern room. The hotel has an excellent location. When we were there there was ongoing renovations and this was quite a disturbance, the carpet was ripped up while we were in our room. Our issue was with the way that extras were charged for within the price. The process of booking in was also tiresome and very slow. People who arrived after us were sent to their rooms while we had to wait for hours. We were. also subjected to a tiresome sales pitch on timeshares which does no service to the hotel. Overall the location is what saves this hotel, when the renovation is complete this will be an excellent hotel, but it falls a little short at",4
6337, July 2017,"Mmm, ok hotel","Our room was tiny which I could cope with as we were only using it as a base for 3 nights but it was dark, gloomy and not the cleanest (I always check out the floors and skirting boards. Weird, I know, but I like hotels that pay attention to detail). Bathroom was clean enough. Doors were painted in dark grey and carpet was black 😳. Saying all this the staff changed the sheets each day and gave us clean towels too. The lifts were depressingly dark too. The main foyer looked as though there'd been an electricity cut - it was dark and depressing. A good few coats of white paint would make this into a lovely hotel. Generally the staff were nice but some of the female staff made you feel like you were either stupid or unwelcome. For breakfast, go upstairs to city kitchen. They have",3
6338, July 2017,ROW Experience,"We were upgraded to a king room by I think a staff member named ""Shelif"" I think , he was very efficient and provided us with great service . The hotel is clean and the room as well. We were surprised by the room size and we had city view ... 👌",4
6339, June 2017,Excellent location,"The location is excellent, but I think the rooms in the first floors must be really noisy. The room was nice and the beds, comfortable. Innovative elevator service, BUT the hotel was too crowded and quite impersonal",4
6340, July 2017,Rude Shock - Mandatory Facilities Fee,"We have been in the US for 3 weeks and experienced nothing but great service. Imagine our shock when we were confronted by a MANDATORY Facilities Fee of $29 per day! This, to obtain wi-fi, water (!), a ridiculous water pouch, landline calls and the use of the gym. Firstly, we purchased mobile facilities for our trip and prefer to make our own mobile choices. Why should we be forced to pay for something we have already paid for? Secondly, we were NOT informed that there would be additional costs for our trip ( which we paid for, in full, months ago!) What right does the Row have, to unilaterally foist a fee on guests, with no prior warning. I could find no indication of this on their website and view this Hotel's approach in a very dim light and suggest that it is a sharp",1
6341, June 2017,Great New York Stay,"We've stayed at the Row several times and always had great service. The staff is very professional and makes you feel welcome from the time you arrive until you check out. The location is near the Theater District and we were able to walk to the Broadway Shows Also, this location has very good restaurants near by.",5
6342, July 2017,Perfect Inexpensive Hotel,"The price of room was perfect and exactly what we needed. If i ever need to stay in Manhattan again, it will surely be at this hotel! Its about a block from Time Square, and maybe 5 from the Piers. The tidiness and size of the room were just what I was looking for. Also, the hotel staff were extremely friendly.",5
6343, June 2017,Venture out to eat,"all descriptions I read indicated that an in-house restaurant was available. The primary dining option was actually a food court with a variety of local restaurant options. Limited food-court type seating. Other dining possibility was the bar area that served pizza in the pm hours. There were MANY wonderful dining options in walking distance, but within the hotel..... very limited, and ""restaurant"" is misleading. Other than that, staff was pleasant and rooms were clean.",3
6344, July 2017,"Great location, BUT.....","I stayed at Row NYC a couple of times, but no longer since my last visit in 2015. Three issues that everyone should know about this hotel. First of all, this hotel is Lack of English-Speaking Staff when it comes to an emergency. I was alone in my room at around 9pm. The fire alarm went off. I looked out the window, and saw more than ten fire trucks on the road outside hotel. I opened my door, but there was no sign of fire nor smoke, and I didn't see anyone. Feeling frightened, I called the front office, but no response. Then, I called concierge. A man answered, but no English at all. I ended up stayed in my room, because I was on high-floor. Secondly, there is a mandatory Facility Charge of +$30 USD per night (which is for the use of wifi, gym, and phone calls), in addition to",1
6345, June 2017,super Lage - great location,"Supercity location near to the times Squarre, perfect traffic connection to both subways, very clean, simply great, just the elevator handling was not a good solution, this takes ta lot of time, when many people arrive",4
6346, June 2017,Improve service.,"Gave me the wrong room, I payed for a suit and gave me a single regular room. And then they gave me a champagne which made me forget a little bit about the issue. The next day they gave me the right room and the sofa was dirty. And the bed in the sofa is very uncomfortable.",2
6347, June 2017,Ambitious but very poor service,"It was the worst experience I've had in NY. Reception was always crowded and very disorganized, elevators took an eternity to arrive. Bathroom was really tiny for a tall person. Internet connection wasn't fast and hotel charges me for facilities that I didn't use. Stressing experience. The hotel is ambitious and looks hilarious but it is not as fancy as it looks on websites pictures.",2
6348, June 2017,"Row, row, row on over to the Row! NYCs midtown gem!","Consider this hotel for your next stay. Conveniently located in midtown- around the corner from Broadway and Tomes Square and only a few blocks from the gorgeous Central Park. Great and friendly staff, upscale design at affordable prices! Don't miss the opportunity!",5
6349, June 2017,Nice stay within the hustle and bustle of Times Square,I enjoyed my stay at Row NYC! Loved the quick elevator system as my sister and I stayed on the top floor with a great view! Felt safe as there was always security at the elevators making sure only guests entered them. The room could've been cleaner but I liked the simplicity! The black out shades were wonderful! Perfect size for us. Maid service was very friendly and helpful! We are at City Kitchen and it was great! We were able to try food from different places all within the same restaurant! I didn't care for the busy Times Square area but this hotel made things easy from checking bags early and after our stay until our flight well after check out. I was able to check out from my phone! Technologically advanced!,4
6350, July 2017,"Clean, modern, quiet, right in the heart of Times Square!","We switched to this hotel at the last minute. First night was not good as there was a leak in the shower and we had to move to another room, but the manager hooked us up with a handicap room and the rest of the stay was great! For being an extremely busy hotel the rooms were very quiet, but I warn you very small. I would recommend if you are looking for clean, safe, quiet and price friendly.",4
6351, June 2017,Try harder!,"In addition to making sure you're rooms, espeically the bathroom, is clean and the hallways don't look like they're under construction, and if they are post a simple ""Pardon Our Dust"" type of sign, offer a rewards/loyalty program for people who stay with you frequently.",2
6352, July 2017,Best location in NYC ive been to this far.,Ive stayed in nyc about 15 times all being different hotels. This has got to be my best one so far and I will definitely be returning. Matter of fact other co-workers just recently booked this hotel because of my review to them.,5
6353, June 2017,Excelente location close to Time Square and to the hop on hop off buses. The beds were single size but very comfortable,"The best thing is the location close to all the theatres, moma and Rockefeller centre. The corridors are being fixed at this moment. The room was very clean. We were able to leave our suitcases until 2 pm after checking out.",4
6354, July 2017,Never again,"Please ensure that you don't hire staff who are good at threatening your guests. Most of the staff were good but my entire experience and even my weekend was spoiled by couple of staff at the concierge during checkout. One of the guys was downright rude to my wife and even made faces at her ridiculing her for our Indian ethnicity. Due to the pressure by this one guy, none of the staff brought out our luggage and we had to wait at the concierge for an hour before the Manager (a lady) came and helped us out. It was pathetic and scary. I will never dare to come anywhere near your hotel, sorry.",1
6355, June 2017,Daniel,When I made check in I asked a mini Fridge inside de room. The desck asdistent told me Is necessary to wait sametime until to be avialible. But I wait for 08 nigths and this not happend. My congratulation is for a desk assistent PARIZADA very easily and lovely. The staf of room clean of floor 16 are very friendly. Thank you.,4
6356, June 2017,Holiday,The air conditioning was very noisy. but this did nothing to distract us from our intended trip. The experience of New York was amazing. We would recommend other friends and family to come and visit this location,4
6357, July 2017,Excellent Location,"We stayed in the Row for one night and it was superb. We had a deluxe twin, which was small, but was sufficient enough for us. The bathroom in the room was huge! The beds were super comfortable, and the location is excellent, so close to Times Square. The only downside to this hotel is that the wifi was almost non-existent, you could connect but it was very very slow. Also, there was a $30 facilities fee on the bill, which could not be removed, regardless of whether you use the facilities or not. One bonus is the fact that both before and after check in, you're able to leave your luggage, meaning you don't have to explore the city whilst dragging around a suitcase! Would definitely recommend this hotel!",4
6358, July 2017,ROW is excellent,"I stayed at ROW because I went to New York to see ""Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"" starring Josh Groban. It is at the Imperial Theater, which is half a block from ROW. The staff was helpful and friendly, and the room was clean and comfortable. I will stay there again the next time I am in New York! 😀",5
6359, June 2017,A friends holidays.,"We love the hotel. Amazing place. Not good at all the elevator working, but we enjoy our days there and the location of the hotel is the best one. Near to time square, subway station, everything you wanna do in manhattan is 10 minutes away.",4
6360, June 2017,Great stay,"Nice hotel, just not what we were used to, since it was a little small. We roomed two people in a room with two double beds. It was perfectly placed in Times Square so it was centrally located. Helpful staff.",4
6361, July 2017,Not for people looking for good service,"The hotel staff was rude. Electricity outlets were not working, gym was so small and a/c were not enough for the gym. My phone was locked for international calls even though I paid for it. There is always a line in the reception of new check-ins and outs.",2
6362, June 2017,Good stay!,We had a good time! We appreciated the added security of the doorman checking cards at the elevators. All employees were friendly and hotel was clean and comfortable. Location was great and value was just right. We were allowed early check-in and check-in staff was quick to assist us when we wanted to switch floors. Will recommend!,5
6363, June 2017,Worst experience with hotels,"The hotel smells and the rooms don't have enough space you feel like chicken cage, the breakfast is terrible and not enjoyable, and finally the prices were unexpected it increased suddenly for facilities and tax nothing like shown at the beginning of check in",1
6364, June 2017,A REGULAR HOTEL EXPERIENCE,"i think the hotel is very well located, it is very private, i also like that it is surrounded by a lot of theaters and good restaurants; in my opinion the rooms are nice but a liitle small, normally the room´s cleanest is good but some times fails in this.",3
6365, June 2017,Nothing is as it appears,I think the manager should stay one night in the hotel and feel the room confort. I don't know if he can sleep with such a air conditioning noisy and unconfortable mattress. Most they have to care much more the customer service.,1
6366, April 2017,"Excellent location, clean and trendy hotel.","I have stayed at the Row twice now once in Nov 2015 and again April 2017. I'm going to talk about both to give you all the info. In the Nov 15 it was my first time in the big city and wanted somewhere central to times square. This hotel is perfect it is just off one of the streets from times square. Upon check in we were told the room wasn't ready as we arrived around 1pm and check in is 4pm, this was fine though as we were able to leave our bags there and go and explore. The guy at reception Herman was extremely helpful and told us all about the local amenities and wished me a happy birthday as I would be spending my 30th at the hotel. When we returned a few hours later our room was ready and there was a lovely bottle of prosecco waiting and a card wishing me a happy birthday,",4
6367, July 2017,Pretty Good!,"Pros: - Really good location - Nice smelling lobby - Daily cleaning - Fast elevators - Room has character - Decent bed and pillows - Good AC system - Free unlimited wifi - New towels almost everyday - Ample lighting (lamps and a ceiling light) Cons: - Room is a bit cramped - Sliding bathroom doors (you can hear and smell through them) - The room has a musky smell I don't like - Front desk/concierge always crazy busy (they need more staff) - Impossible to reach front desk by phone I'd still recommend though, decent for the price considering it's a really good location and it's really not that horrible (just not that great). Will probably book with them again in the future.",4
6368, June 2017,"Small hotel in need of some TLC, but great location","The room was tiny, there are no hair dryers, coffee machine, or microwave ovens. The bed was comfortable. The paint in the bathroom was all peeling, the carpet was dirty, and the hallways had all the molding torn off (but with no sign of being replaced anytime soon). Housekeeping only showed up once during our 3 night stay. The worst thing was that the hotel gave me my bill at check and then proceeded to charge my credit card an additional $735 for no apparent reason. When you call and ask for billing you get put on voice mail and no one returns your phone calls. I have had to dispute the charge with my credit card company, what a pain!",3
6369, June 2017,highly recommended,thank you Christina S. for helping my sister and I at checking. You went above and beyond with finding us clean rooms so we wouldn't have to store luggage and come back to wait in line. The view from the room was not bad either. The room was clean and cozy. Thank you very much.,5
6370, June 2017,Very good place to stay,I really like staying at the Rio hotel because it was so beautifully located right in the middle of .The rooms were clean a little bit small but absolutely adequate and well-priced for being in the middle of the city .Adequate food was available downstairs and the staff was very very friendly .,4
6371, June 2017,"Clean, good time","My trip was a combination business/leisure trip. For what I needed, having stayed at Row NYC before, I knew it would be the best price for the location. I was able to get where I needed to go with little struggle, and I appreciated how secure it was even late at night.",4
6372, June 2017,ROW NY hotel is not that good value for money,"I stayed here in June for 4 nights and although the location is good, that's about the only good thing I can say about this hotel. I am a little spoiled because i have stayed in 5 star hotels in Asia for the same price or much less. Located in the heart of Broadway one block from Times square, metro trains easily accessed from this location. Checking in is not until 4pm...you have to pay extra if you want to check in early. I waited 30 mins to check in due to long lines of people checking in. The hotel was very busy due do a big event in NY and waiting for an elevator to get out of the hotel was nightmare. They have a weird system where only certain lifts are used for certain floors and i found myself waiting up to 10 mins to get out. We complained and the customer service said",3
6373, June 2017,THE place to stay in NY,"I will come back and stay at Row NYC every time I come to the city. Perfect location and access to Times Square and the Broadway plays. Walk right out the door and hop on the blue line across the street, or the Times Square station a block away. We had 2 adults and our two daughters on the trip, and loved every second of it. You can't beat the price and value anywhere!",5
6374, June 2017,Underwhelming,I've stayed here before and raved about it. But this time - not so much. The girl who initially helped me Check in was rude and wouldn't let us Check in prior to 3:00 (understandable).. but her approach was brash and she rushed us off. I decided to pay a little more for a premium room this time around - nearly half the size of a standard room. It was awful.. tiny and noisy - I could hear my 'neighbors' TV all night and morning. I've had a pleasant stay here before but this time was underwhelming. Will try other hotels next time I stay in NY overnight.,2
6375, June 2017,Wonderful stay,We returned to the Row NYC for the third time. The location is perfect for visitors because of its proximity to Times Square. Theaters and restaurants surround you and it's very close to subway access. Room rates are reasonable for the area. And the staff is very helpful. We'll be back there on our next trip to NYC.,4
6376, July 2017,Not recommended for family or couples,"Low managment, tight rooms and spacless too much waiting line to checkin or check out, staff keep asing for tips and tips are optional not a must specialy bell men keep asking for tips before they assist u",3
6377, July 2017,Nice hotel. Great location. Insane fees.,I've stayed here many times in the past. Always good enough particularly for a Times Square hotel. The fees are insane now on top of the insane taxes adding way too much to the rate. And the parking rate turned into a stupid expensive error. I called before arriving to ask where to park as part of the rate and was told the Icon lot around the corner. That was wrong and when the kind woman at checkin told me that she suggested I try and get my car back to move it to valet. The lot refused to do so and couldn't care less that there had been a little snafu. So I paid for parking twice and that along with the stupid high fee for things I didn't even use left a real sour taste in my mouth. Probably won't stay there again though. The bed is super comfortable though. Probably,3
6378, June 2017,Location,"The location of the hotel is very good but the rooms are very small adnd bot very comfortable. Internet access was not good enough, sometimes did not work hotel are always packed with people all over.",3
6379, October 2016,Cheap close to amenities,"We had 2 rooms for our stay, and the rooms are slightly bigger than the average New York Hotel. The beds were very comfortable and the pillows were great in my opinion. The toilet was a bit basic, I'm not a fan of showering in the bath, and it wasn't the cleanest. In fact one of the rooms had a bit of a bad odour. The carpets are black, so beware of dropping black socks! Had a great nights sleep for our visit, but would not go back due to their oversight on leaving, when we paid for our city tax by cash! We ended up not eating there as their was only seating on stools, so can't comment!",3
6380, June 2017,OK hotel near time square,"The hotel is in a very good location in the theatre district, near time square. Unfortunately, the rooms are noisy and they have a really slow elevator service. Also expect waiting times on check-in. The reception is very small in comparison to the hotel size.",3
6381, June 2017,Row stay,"The Row's location is perfect, close to all!! Walking distance to everything you'd want to be.Rates were very reasonable and rooms very clean. All employees were very accommodating. Plan on staying there every time I visit.",5
6382, June 2017,Visit to crazy NY,"This hotel was booked for my wife and I via the Big Bus Tour company. We had a corner room which had 2 windows. Good views. The hotel somewhat disappointed me, in that, there was no coffee pot or mini fridge in the room. Our room was certainly smaller than what we expected. However, we are from southwest Missouri and perhaps we get more for our money in different parts of the country. The elevators were set up kinda strange...but yet again, maybe this is normal for NY. All in all, it was a good stay. They have done a lot of updates, and I thought it looked good for the age of the building.",3
6383, July 2017,Terrible experience,"No room available on arrival (I had a reservation with confirmation number) when the incredibly rude staff finally found me one it was noisy, dirty and they had double booked it so I had another guest try to enter the room at 2am! Security then tried to throw me out!",1
6384, June 2017,Great experience!,Hotel was in the perfect location. Was a little concerned about the size of the room but it was fine. Loved the modern design. We took the bus into the city and the terminal was only two blocks up 8th Ave. Couldn't have planned it better.,5
6385, June 2017,Used condoms,"Used condoms behind the bed. More then one of them. Disgusting, if they fail to clean this then basically you're worried about everything else that was not cleaned. For the two upgrades I chose, I expected a much cleaner room. Very disappointed and feel like I could have paid half the price for a cleaner room elsewhere in the same vicinity",2
6386, June 2017,Cool Hotel in a Perfect Location!,"Travelled with daughter June 2017. She absolutely loved the decor. The location was perfect - right in the heart of everywhere we wanted to be. Check in was quick, the staff was nice. I'm not sure this would be the hotel for everyone, but travelling with a teen on her first trip to NYC - it was a total hit.",4
6387, June 2017,Bad Hotel for this Price!!!!!!!!!!!,The room and our towls were dirty. Hairs in the shower. The bed was ok. Wearing socks in the furniture. That's a no-Go!!! Disgusting! A fridge would be nice. We wouldn't recommend this Hotel to everbody. We were here for our Honeymoon! Never again!!!!,1
6388, June 2017,I will not return and i will not recommend,"The hotel is VERY old and smells funny. The only thing that works for it is the location which is close to busy times square for those that like to see the land marks. The hallway is very dingy.. old carpets, poor lightening. i spent most of my time walking around town because staying indoors was just too depressing coupled with the noisy cooling unit. i will not recommend this hotel to anyone and i will definitely not return.",1
6389, June 2017,"Location only is good, all the rest is bad","Except the great location next to times sq, nothing is good in this hotel- check in queue is about 45 minutes, terrible customer service (especially by a guy named Marcos in the luggages area- so unpleasant!), small rooms, bed is uncomfortable at all, and cockroaches in the corridors. since there is a long queue at the reception all day long you cannot even talk to a hotel representative unless you have a 1 hour spare... not recommended.",2
6390, June 2017,Excellent hotel for NYC visitors!,Very well located. Near subway and Broadway and Times Square. Very clean. Towels changed every day. Large beds and really comfortable. Room not too big but suitable for a few days stay. Highly recommendable!,5
6391, July 2017,Lower your expectations,"Although pictures of the hotel depict larger and cleaner rooms, the Row is old, uncomfortable and untidy. It is full of very annoying people. Delivery of FedEx packages was slow, the package had already arrived at the hotel with important papers, but they were kept in the front desk for several days. Do not reccomend.",2
6392, June 2017,Junior: a especial profissional in the Check In,"In fact, there is not possibility a good view of the city of NY in any room and floor. The ROW does not need to use the option of City View Room, because it is not true argument. You can see only some near buiding. Not more than this. The hotel have anothers several true itens to be considereted a really special place. The hotel is in the middle of Time Square, very close of a important Metro Station (42th and 8th Avenue - linked to the 44th-7Avenue Station), in front all services as restaurant, coffe, drug store, any kind of stores, theaters, and several facilities.",4
6393, June 2017,WORST SERVICE HOTEL STAY EVER,"Chose the hotel due to convention I was attending. Location was great, and blocks away from time square. It is one of the worst service and maintained hotel I ever stayed in, and I travel a fair bit for work. this is the hotel for us, if service and cleanliness does not matter to you. The bedsheet on the bed was torn. There was no hot water or coffee making facilities. The bathroom has a strange sewerage smell in it. The size of the room is on the smaller side for New York, however it is expected due to the distance from times square. I had 4 boxes delivered to the hotel, and I wanted to collect it on my way out to the convention. I went to the bell desk, and asked for it, just like every hotel. They said that they had nothing to do with it, and wanted to use the house phone",1
6394, June 2017,Do not stay at this hotel!,"This is a horrible place to stay at. We chose this hotel bc of the cost and location. After staying here I rather pay more for better service and conditions. The staff are horrible and rude. The person that helped me had a power trip the entire time bc stay depended on him and ""what he can do"". I booked two rooms online. The confirmation was send as reserving two rooms. When I get there they had given my second room to another guest. It look an hour for then to finally tell me that they'll honor my confirmation email. How can you not? I truely did not understand that. On top of the horrible incompetence they start renovations and construction at 8am right next to your room. That's just great! Don't stay here.",1
6395, June 2017,"Great location, extremely small bathroom","Great location, extremely small bathroom. It looks like as beeing in a camper (small camper). People were friendly and ok resturant, wifi was not as good. Reception and customer care was great as well as the bus. center to print",2
6396, June 2017,Feels more like a discount motel,"Small lobby is crowded most of the time and feels chaotic, elevators tools so long, staff was unfriendly, continental breakfast was so bad and cheap, no hook or towel bar in bathroom nor a place to lay any toiletries.",2
6397, May 2017,Nice Hotel - But,"This is a nice hotel and a big improvement from the Milford Plaza days - friendly staff, clean, good amenities and a central location. However, it is also a gathering spot for pushy vendors selling bus tours and trips to Woodbury Commons. It's very uncomfortable entering and leaving via the 8th Avenue main entrance. For a short stay it's fine, but for more then a night or two it would be incredibly annoying. The door staff does their best to keep the vendors at bay, but they can't stop them all and there's not much they can legally do. I actually counted 11 vendors out front one morning.",3
6398, June 2017,Stay here!!,"Wonderful location and hotel!! Repeat visitor from four yrs ago. The improvements are outstanding. Each person in hotel friendly, safe hotel they check for your key before elevators Thanks to all for a wonderful stay!",5
6399, June 2017,Very close to Broadway,"this was in the middle of the theater district, and close to lots of restaurants. The staff was very nice. Place was clean, but my lord our room was small. Our closet had 6 hangars. we asked for more 3 times. None ever showed up. It was crazy busy in the lobby. Complimentary breakfast was a joke. No in room coffee makers. Would seriously look at other places before returning but the price was right.",3
6400, June 2017,Excellent hotel for NYC visitors!,Very well located. Near subway and Broadway and Times Square. Very clean. Towels changed every day. Large beds and really comfortable. Room not too big but suitable for a few days stay. Highly recommendable!,5
6401, July 2017,Lower your expectations,"Although pictures of the hotel depict larger and cleaner rooms, the Row is old, uncomfortable and untidy. It is full of very annoying people. Delivery of FedEx packages was slow, the package had already arrived at the hotel with important papers, but they were kept in the front desk for several days. Do not reccomend.",2
6402, June 2017,Junior: a especial profissional in the Check In,"In fact, there is not possibility a good view of the city of NY in any room and floor. The ROW does not need to use the option of City View Room, because it is not true argument. You can see only some near buiding. Not more than this. The hotel have anothers several true itens to be considereted a really special place. The hotel is in the middle of Time Square, very close of a important Metro Station (42th and 8th Avenue - linked to the 44th-7Avenue Station), in front all services as restaurant, coffe, drug store, any kind of stores, theaters, and several facilities.",4
6403, June 2017,WORST SERVICE HOTEL STAY EVER,"Chose the hotel due to convention I was attending. Location was great, and blocks away from time square. It is one of the worst service and maintained hotel I ever stayed in, and I travel a fair bit for work. this is the hotel for us, if service and cleanliness does not matter to you. The bedsheet on the bed was torn. There was no hot water or coffee making facilities. The bathroom has a strange sewerage smell in it. The size of the room is on the smaller side for New York, however it is expected due to the distance from times square. I had 4 boxes delivered to the hotel, and I wanted to collect it on my way out to the convention. I went to the bell desk, and asked for it, just like every hotel. They said that they had nothing to do with it, and wanted to use the house phone",1
6404, June 2017,Do not stay at this hotel!,"This is a horrible place to stay at. We chose this hotel bc of the cost and location. After staying here I rather pay more for better service and conditions. The staff are horrible and rude. The person that helped me had a power trip the entire time bc stay depended on him and ""what he can do"". I booked two rooms online. The confirmation was send as reserving two rooms. When I get there they had given my second room to another guest. It look an hour for then to finally tell me that they'll honor my confirmation email. How can you not? I truely did not understand that. On top of the horrible incompetence they start renovations and construction at 8am right next to your room. That's just great! Don't stay here.",1
6405, June 2017,"Great location, extremely small bathroom","Great location, extremely small bathroom. It looks like as beeing in a camper (small camper). People were friendly and ok resturant, wifi was not as good. Reception and customer care was great as well as the bus. center to print",2
6406, June 2017,Feels more like a discount motel,"Small lobby is crowded most of the time and feels chaotic, elevators tools so long, staff was unfriendly, continental breakfast was so bad and cheap, no hook or towel bar in bathroom nor a place to lay any toiletries.",2
6407, May 2017,Nice Hotel - But,"This is a nice hotel and a big improvement from the Milford Plaza days - friendly staff, clean, good amenities and a central location. However, it is also a gathering spot for pushy vendors selling bus tours and trips to Woodbury Commons. It's very uncomfortable entering and leaving via the 8th Avenue main entrance. For a short stay it's fine, but for more then a night or two it would be incredibly annoying. The door staff does their best to keep the vendors at bay, but they can't stop them all and there's not much they can legally do. I actually counted 11 vendors out front one morning.",3
6408, June 2017,Stay here!!,"Wonderful location and hotel!! Repeat visitor from four yrs ago. The improvements are outstanding. Each person in hotel friendly, safe hotel they check for your key before elevators Thanks to all for a wonderful stay!",5
6409, June 2017,Very close to Broadway,"this was in the middle of the theater district, and close to lots of restaurants. The staff was very nice. Place was clean, but my lord our room was small. Our closet had 6 hangars. we asked for more 3 times. None ever showed up. It was crazy busy in the lobby. Complimentary breakfast was a joke. No in room coffee makers. Would seriously look at other places before returning but the price was right.",3
6410, June 2017,Could have been better,"Overall this hotel was OK. It was a busy check in time at the hotel and the staff were just going through the motions. My included breakfast vouchers were overlooked and I was forced to ask for them the next morning when I was denied service for having them. Apparently they were undergoing renovations which was not detailed in their reservation website and the hallways were a mess. The room was clean and the bathroom nice but the elevators are a hot mess. You have to punch in the desired floor and it wou,d tell you which elevator to get on. Great in theory but it didn't work most of the time and the wait was very, very long and frustrating. We stayed her because our musical was down the street but I wouldn't stay here again.",3
6411, June 2017,Frank R,"The hotel stay was excellent, could not asked for a better location. All the shows were within a short walk. We did not eat at the hotel. The Bar area was off the lobby. Didn't have music when we were there.",5
6412, June 2017,"?Ugh, where do I begin","Check-in was a horror since it took close to an hour since there were only 2 working clerks. There is no real lobby, only bleacher seats to sit on. The elevators are inadequate for the volume of guests, resulting in a very frustrating experience. The hotel has an excellent location if you are going to a Broadway show. The room (I opted for an upgraded room) was small but efficient and clean.",2
6413, June 2017,Airbnb might have been a better option,"Unfriendly front desk staff, who left us waiting to process our check-in. I don't like the dim corridors! Carpet comes across dirty. It's a hassle to go to different levels just to get water or ice. Whilst there's supposed hot water at the dispenser, it's common sense that you can't fill using the given plastic refillable bottles! Not practical! Ok to stay for the convenience of the location if you aren't particular about cleanliness.",2
6414, June 2017,Girls Trip,"Location Perfect. Hotel overall great, but could use a few improvements. Breakfast limited to a few choices, however if you want to pay there is a nice cafe attached to the hotel. Some elevators were not working. Nice Large Lobby with view of the street!",4
6415, June 2017,Great Modern Accomodation,"The Row NYC has a very modern feel, in a great location. The rooms are kept very clean. Few hidden cost upon check in so check the small font. Check in can be lengthy. But otherwise great place to stay.",4
6416, June 2017,Complain,"Nice position cleaning room that's all Breakfast was poor, no whole meal/grain stuff, there weren't fresh orange or fruits/vegetable juice Room was clean I like amenities I like least the reception guy",1
6417, June 2017,"clean, nice, convenient","right in the middle of the theatre district, this hotel was within walking distance of so much -- theatres, restaurants, access to sightseeing tours, etc. clean rooms (if a little small by other city's norms). staff has some challenges with respect to top customer service (but it's NYC, right?).",3
6418, June 2017,Poor check in service,See my other comments. There was a problem with my business having reserved and paid for my room and nobody else I was traveling wiht had an issue. All with the same company. Have more staff at the front desk. More light in hallways. Very dark. I was on the 5th floor and there was no baseboard installed. How could you allow people to stay with the hotel not complete. No other chair in room besides the one at the desk.,2
6419, June 2017,Bad Bathroom Sewage Smell,My wife and I checked in for a birthday weekend celebration and left with severe headaches. We complained about a sewage smell coming from the bathroom in room 912. Twice we were promised that a maintenance staff would come and check it out. They would not move us rooms since they were fully booked. The last time we visited the front desk we were promised a maintenance staff would be up shortly. We waited in our room till 12:30 am and no maintenance staff arrived. We gave up and slept in the room where the sewage smell had now become some bad it flowed into the bedroom area. We just hoped that we would actually wake up (it was that bad). We awoke the next day with serve headaches and a fun weekend turned into a horrible birthday celebration.,2
6420, June 2017,Good Central Location,"We had 5 nights here late June 2017. The location is very central to Times Square and Broadway. Penn Station is about a 20 minute walk pushing our cases. Hardly worth catching a taxi. On departure we took the subway 2 blocks from the hotel to within 1 block of Penn Station. On arrival the foyer was quite crowded. It seemed only about 3 or 4 were booking people in. At peak times a few more hands on deck would have been useful. The payment of a ""Facilities Fee"" of $22 per day for use of free wifi, free phone calls (including international) and two free plastic collapsible water bottles was something new to us. Maybe others have come across this. We have travelled extensively but never struck this. Why it's not included in the price beats me. The staff are very friendly. Generally",3
6421, March 2017,What a hotel! 5*****,"Amazing hotel and staff! Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to visit New York. Only fault was no recognition of it being my birthday when we arrived 👎🏻 Also a note to add that we had to leave a day earlier due to bad weather and flights being cancelled, the staff was very helpful and gave me a refund for the day I was missing out on.",5
6422, June 2017,Great Value NYC hotel,I have stayed in this hotel for 4 times altogether in 2 years.. The location is superb.. Staffs are generally knowledgeable and polite.. The room varies in sizes and the corner rooms are the most spacious eg 2108 which I stayed last week...,5
6423, June 2017,First time in NY,My first visit in NY. Very good position. Visiting the city was very easy. The hotel was always very busy but the staff was always very cooperative. Times Square just a block away and a wide selection of restaurant in the area.,4
6424, June 2017,"Cozy, clean and comfortable!","From the double window shades that kept the room ""nap-ready"" dark to multiple towels to not-tested-on-animals shampoo and conditioner, I was impressed with the cleanliness and amenities as well as the central location.",5
6425, June 2017,Great overall.,I would stay here again. It's quiet and the staff is friendly. They gave us a good view of the city. It's a short walk to Time Square. Having restaurants in the hotel was nice but that District M waitress ignored us. So we didn't go back there. The rooms were nice and clean. great price and totally worth it in my opinion.,4
6426, June 2017,Terrible hotel,"Long, slow line to check in. Small poky room with tiny window/no view but the worst thing is the noise from the air conditioning system - it is so noisy it would be impossible to sleep with it on and unfortunately the noise in the room from neighbouring AC machines is terrible - like trying to sleep in a wind tunnel.",2
6427, June 2017,Good Value,"Not the newest hotel and rooms are on the small side, but beds are comfortable. It is in a great location close to Times Square and theaters. Good value for the money and we would definitely stay here again on another trip to NYC.",4
6428, June 2017,Excellent hotel in a great location!,"I would highly recommend the ROW NYC. I had a very spacious corner room on the twentieth floor, with two windows and a great view. The service was excellent, and I especially appreciated the online check-in",5
6429, November 2016,Second Visit to NYC & The Row,We visited first in March 2015 as part 2 of our honeymoon; we returned again in November 2016 to celebrate my husband's 30th Birthday. We returned to The Row based on our previous visit and it's great location. It's central to all the big attractions and has great subway links. If we are lucky enough to visit New York again (which we hope we are!) then we'd return to The Row!,5
6430, June 2017,Nice hotel but don't take the elevator,"The overall hotel is nice looking and clean. Bed is comfortable. Check in and check out is fast. However, the elevator system is horrible, have to wait at least 10 minutes everytime you need to take the elevators. But when there are too many people, you can't even get in so you have to wait another 10 mins. On my last day, the elevator was not even coming so I had to take the stairs with my suitcase.... the worst is they charge you $50 for facility fees when they are not even working properly. The wifi was also not working or too slow to do anything for most of my stay.",2
6431, June 2017,Perfect location,"Great location for a vacation! Central to all the site seeing attractions. Reception line was a little long but they get through people quickly, and concierge is a little unpredictable. However i had a great stay overall!",5
6432, June 2017,Great Holiday Hotel for our first time in New York,"This was an ideal hotel for our first visit to New York. It was in easy reach of all the Times Square and Broadway shows amenities. The hotel room was clean and refreshed by the housekeeping staff daily. they were so helpful and went out of their way to direct us to cold refreshing drinking water and clean towels.The air conditioning was a godsend as we had a heatwave whilst there.There were lots of choice of food in the market area and it was easy to have a healthy breakfast daily in bar area,I also was able to have a hot cup of tea each evening before retiring to bed at the bar area. The staff were great. I will be visiting again I hope.",5
6433, June 2017,Location is not worth it.....,"The only good thing I can say about this hotel is where it is located. Close to shows, food and subway station but that is all. Save yourself frustration and book a room a block or two away. Believe what your read about the check in. It took almost an hour with only 2 people working the front desk while other employees stood around doing nothing. The rooms are tiny (even for NYC standards) and very dirty. The floors look like they are never vacuumed and there is dust in all the corners. The loud A/C ran all night long but did little to cool the room. There is no place to place your bags (trust me you do not want to leave them on the floor or what they call a closet). There is no mini fridge in the room so you can't bring food with you or back to the room after dinner.",1
6434, June 2017,"Good location, poor service",Have stayed in this hotel for the past 3 years for the Fancy Food Show and unfortunately have to say that the service and the conditions of the room have gone really low. The check-in person was very rude from the begging. Second night our room keys did not work went to the front desk which was empty no one was outside it was around 1am. I go by the side and say good evening this lady jumps and says you need to do the line. Excuse its 1am lobby is empty there is no line and it could have been as simples as good evening sorry for the situation here are new pair set of keys. Can't be that hard. One thing I will complement is your valet parking and luggage personal. They were very nice and accommodating.,3
6435, October 2016,Bad start to the honeymoon,"The rooms are tiny and the staff are unhelpful bordering on rude. On the first day of our honeymoon, my wife got mugged outside the hotel. When she was in tears she asked for some water and the hotel staff directed her to the hotel shop to buy a bottle of water. Well done Row NYC",1
6436, June 2017,COULD BE EXCELLENT.,You really can't get a better location. Took over 1 hour to check in which is rediculous. The front desk was friendly and courteous and did not get frazzled. Need better housekeeping to easily bring this up to 4 stars.,3
6437, June 2017,Good experience,It was comfortable stay at row NYC. Excellent location and good price. Will recommend it to friends. Although Rooms were small and clumsy they are still good value for price. Room service was prompt and good.,4
6438, June 2017,"Quirky, fun, safe","Enjoy the elevators. Check your bag. Get something to eat. Rooms are small but very comfortable. Stay safe at this place. Oh, and check out the bar's slide show of famous people in the 70s in NY. Have fun.",5
6439, June 2017,nyc visit,"excellent location and property in the middle of times square on the same block as the famous Italian eatery ' carmines, Midtown west is also home of all the Broadway Theatres. Central park also nearby.",5
6440, June 2017,Okay,Room was clean! Hallways are very sketchy they have poor airflow and the use of deodorant gives it a dirty feel. Add in poor lighting and it makes it feel like a horror movie. On the up side the staff was very nice and helpful.,3
6441, December 2016,Great value & great location,"We where here for a 5 night stay and found the hotel a perfect location for all our sight seeing trips. The rooms are on the small size but are clean and bright and the hotel staff provide first class service. Other reviews regarding checkin queues are right, they are long but move quickly and all the desks were open so be prepared and go with the flow.",4
6442, April 2017,Bad Experience!!!!,I went for a business trip in April 2017 and had to stay in the Row. I booked a standard room for a 2 night stay. When I first entered the room I was completely horrified to see the view. The room was filthy and untidy and the powder room was in absolute disgust. I called the front desk innumerable times but it was all in vain. I went to the manager to complain but he paid no heed. I felt that the Hotel was too overpriced against the services they actually provide. Poor internet connection and small inconvenient elevators added to the woes I had at this Hotel. Overall it was a bad experience.,1
6443, March 2017,Dirty and Beat Up!,"They must have spent their entire budget on the lobby, which is at best standard. This hotel is beat up and totally filthy! The beds are uncomfortable, the bathroom was dirty and didn't even have a plug for the bathtub. This hotel is also VERY loud!",1
6444, June 2017,Great hotel,Make sure you see Cesar on the way in. Very friendly and helpful. Stayed over night. Room was great. No problems. Not big rooms but you don't need them. Your in New York! Very clean tidy. Has everything you need.,5
6445, June 2017,Staff is awesome,"I frequently book multiple rooms for my partners when they come to the city and this is my first time using ROW. The front desk staff is awesome. Both Caesar and Zac made the process of checking in multiple rooms efficient and painless. Great attitudes, friendly yet professional. I'll be booking here in the future for sure.",5
6446, June 2017,The great employees!,"The employees are great, but the front desk man, Zac, is by far the best! He was professional and friendly, making our large group check in quick and painless! So grateful for great employees like Zac!",5
6447, June 2017,Great great location but you get what you pay.,"I dont have a negative review, instead is a very positive one. First, its located in the hear of New York night life, I mean, you just walk 1 block and you in Times Square, you a have a ton of places to eat around, I mean 50 at least. Rooms are small, but who stays at the room all day? Beds are comfortable, room is clean, and as you expected the bathroom is also very small, but clean and functional. 1 bed bedrooms, depending on the type of bed, are just for 1 o 2 persons, 2 bed rooms are JUST for 2 persons, dont try getting in a third or a fourth person, too little space to holding another visitor. One other thing, the check in line is always crowded, at least 5-6 people waiting, but I dont see it like an issue. They a have a very good business center, 8 mac pc with printer, but",3
6448, June 2017,Clean hotel,"Close to Times Square and Broadway, clean hotel and friendly staff. Easy check out. No fridge or coffee maker in the room. Hotel has no parking, the public parking is quite expensive. Recommending to friends.",4
6449, June 2017,Worst place yet,Room was dirty and small n bathroom door was like a sliding barn door that didn't close. Got upgraded to a nicer room ( haha) ! Smaller dirty sheets lube on wall. When manager was called was told they only flip the rooms they do not do a general cleaning?!?!? Gross ... had to wait for second room to be cleaned . I paid $2000 for 5 nights . No book in hotel about hotel or area . No room service or breakfast options . Shower was a trampoline floor . Wasn't sure if you would fall thru to room below. Iron board had no cover windows were dirty they charged 30$ extra a night for ice water the gym n wifi which didn't work on top of the $2000 I paid . Ran my credit card 33 times n blamed it on my bank when it was the hotel issue . Worst place ever in my book and loud and proud say don't,1
6450, June 2017,Girls Trip!,I definitely enjoyed my stay at ROW NYC. I almost had a bad experience with one of the youv lady's that initially checked me in. She rolled her eyes and acted as if she didn't want to help or answer my questions. I ended up checking-in with Paola instead who was VERY sweet and answered all my questions with no problem. I will definitely be staying at ROW NYC again in the near future!,5
6451, June 2017,Never again,"Well got to the Row and was impressed by the lobby etc, very chic looking . Checking in was very busy and noisy ,which we could accept as this was NY. Eventually got to the room which to say the least was small. My wife took one look at the state of the housekeeping and was horrified. This room was absolutely filthy ,to be honest I wouldn't put a dog in it. My wife went down to reception to complain and ask for another room. She was away for approx. one hour so I went looking for her. She was just getting to see the manageress and I was amazed how rude she was to my wife . The excuses were, that it was an old hotel and that they had a lot of rooms to clean. She made it out to sound like we should think ourselves lucky we had a room at all. Eventually got a transfer to a sister",1
6452, June 2017,Poor service management,"Bad service management, issues with reservation, leaky toilet, lots of hidden charges, we were locked out of our room and had to wait 30 min for security to come open the door. Internet was slow in the room",2
6453, June 2017,Room,The room looked like it hasn't been updated in quite some time. Shower was old and not very clean. To be fair I haven't stayed in a lot of hotels in NYC but this one seemed way overpriced for the tiny size and condition of the room,2
6454, June 2017,I'd go somewhere else,"Outside looks new, photos of rooms look mordern, but building is old, poor air ventilation in hallways and in bathroom, room was small and dirty. Elevators were tiny and inconvenient. Stairs were confusing (some stairwells connect two floors only, you'd need to find another one that leads to ground). Front desk staff helped other guests not in line before those who were in line. Apparently a staff member upgraded guests who checked in earlier in the day, which left NO MORE rooms for guests with RESERVED rooms who checked in later in the evening.",1
6455, June 2017,Adequate and trendy,"Rooms are exceptionally quiet (not once did I hear hall traffic or sounds from neighboring rooms), elevator system is efficient, City Kitchen concept is fun. Check in was a 40 minute ordeal. A reasonably priced room with adequate amenities!",4
6456, June 2017,Friday Saturday and Sunday,The room was dirty and the bathroom as well. There was absolutely no internet connection in the room or halls. I called the front desk a million times and the phone was never answered. Very unsatisfied with my stay.,1
6457, June 2017,"Great location, Room didn't feel quite clean","Bed sheets smelled like mildew, general ancient feeling to the carpets. Great black out curtains, though. Everything else ran very smoothly. However for the price probably wouldn't stay again and pay a little more for Hilton Garden.",3
6458, June 2017,Frustrated,"Just try some place else, not sure if all of New York Hotels can have rude people checking you in, just not sure, but never again for this place. He was so inefficient, and hollered at us for being rude to him, after I said ""what are we to do with our luggage since you can't check us in"". He stated he was doing us a favor by talking to us and taking the time for us!! You know the saying about one bad apple!",1
6459, June 2017,Excellent location!,"Pros: Excellent location, reasonably clean rooms, great view from higher floors, hotel experience, stones throw from Times Square Cons - bad WiFi, long queues at check in, 4 pm check in time, computers in the lobby are aged and hard to use",4
6460, June 2017,Row NYC,"My Room was not clean, had little bugs in it. Front desk fellow couldn't be bothered with getting me a cleaner room. Wifi is NOT free. You will be charged a ""facility fee"" at the end of your stay. Rooms really tiny.",1
6461, February 2017,"Small boxy rooms, but quite chic","Great location if you want to be close to Time Square, but rooms are really small, quite noisy, pick up street sounds, not ideal for families/people with big bags or for business (I was lucky to be upgraded so used a bed to open a bag). Lobby is nice, modern and had some good live jazz music",3
6462, June 2017,Excellent Location but that's about it,"Booked Deluxe City view room but was informed on check in that these had all been allocated, given room on 4th floor that overlooked aircon pipes, not my idea of a city view (no compensation provided). Relocated to the correct room the next day, this involved check out/check in again, still not unpacked. Luggage wasn't delivered to new room, complained at reception, informed by manager they were short staffed, not really a customer issue, eventually collected luggage ourselves. Rooms not serviced regularly and a 9am they would enter your room or phone to see if you wanted it serviced, surely this should be provided daily. Do not book early as once they have your money they constantly send cheaper deals but you have to pay a penalty to take on these deals. Good Point - Close",3
6463, June 2017,Too expensive,I expected much more for that money! I booked a room with a city view and it was not that at all! Too expensive hotel and we missed a fridge in the room for our drinks! Sorry wouldn't recommend this hotel for so much money!,3
6464, June 2017,Not so good at Row NYC Hotel,"The line at the reception is soooo long at all times - so good luck checking in/out or if you need assistance. No breakfast included and hotel's cafe/bar prices are unbelievably high. The room itself was very small, didn't have a real closet (5 hangers sticking from the wall covered with an old curtain), and there was a terrible sewage-like smell coming from the bathroom all the time. I didn't know this before I arrived but Midtown is the worst part of town. It looks central but it is way too busy and touristy. There are literally 5 ""I <3 NY"" stores in 5 meters radius. West Downtown or Uptown near the park is so much nicer and still easy to get around.",2
6465, June 2017,Overbooked. Lost our confirmed reservation!,"Booked online with no problems, checked in the morning of with no problems, drove 4.5 hours only to be notified 8 hours after our online check in that our room had been overbooked. Rebooked at a ""compariable"" hotel 7 blocks away from Times Square, dirty, outdated, and too far from our planned location. It took hours of discussion and firm refusal to sleep at the second hotel before they provided us with a room in a closer, cleaner hotel.",1
6466, June 2017,Confusing hotel stay,"I think row tries to make things easier, by offering the option of an electronic email check in and self serve Kiosk for keys and check out. Sadly each of these functions were broken which led to a lot of frustration, phone calls, and no one really knowing how to assist. The hotel itself is basic barebones, a bed for the night and a shower. The air conditioning was extraordinary loud. The water stations were appreciated. The fact that there was a food court made dining easier.",3
6467, June 2017,Overpriced,"I travel to ny several times a year and definitely seek to avoid the Times Square area. I had a mishap earlier this month during a busy time and booked the wrong nights. I was forced to secure a reservation the day of and ended up at The Row. It took me about 30 minutes to even check in. I was warned upon check in of the room size. No problem there as I would take design and comfort over size any day. But for over $500/night in the summer in manhattan, please give me a hallway that isn't dilapidated & seedy. Room was so mediocre I think a couple stars is generous. There were fingerprints all over the mirrors, it needed to be vacuumed and I stared out my window at a brick wall. No thanks.",2
6468, June 2017,Row NYC Hotel Review,"Hotel is in a great location for those going into the city to catch a show. Lots of nearby restaurants (recommend Gallagher's Steakhouse about six blocks over. Valet has a very slow turnaround time, recommend using public parking garage located a block away. WiFi was also extremely slow.",3
6469, June 2017,Less is less,"Before this hotel be ROW it was Milford Plaza, and that was a good hotel. Today they are worried about design (bad taste) and forgot the guests comfort. The room is to small, the paid internet does not work well and one day I fill the NYC summer because the ar conditioner did not work well. In the ROW I felt that less is less just it. Three stars is to much for then. I went with my mother and I`m sorry to take her there.",1
6470, June 2017,NYC EXPERIENCE,"The Row NYC was all what we expected it to be and would highly recommend to anyone. Location is great, rooms clean, service was great. Valet service was prompt, elevators were quick, towels plentiful and water pressure and temperature awesome.",5
6471, June 2017,Slept like a Bay,"Best sleep for along time, rooms peaceful despite décor needs sprucing up. Location great ,restaurants, shopping entertainment all steps away, don't miss this for a girly weekend or just business. get past the crazy frenzy on arrival in the lobby and your be fine. Staff will assist if asked.",4
6472, June 2017,Don't Cancel my Reservation then ask for revoew,"It was horrible to arrive and be told you cancelled my reservation. I had to find a new hotel, which was a wonderful stay instead. Cost me a bunch but you don't care. Don't ask me to review anything further for you.",1
6473, June 2017,Conveniently located.,"This is a good hotel to serve as a place to sleep while visiting New York City. It is only two or three blocks from Times Square and located very close to many Broadway theaters. There are several good places to eat close by as well as several subway stations. There is no microwave, no coffee maker, or refrigerator in the room, but the beds were comfortable and there was plenty of water pressure when showering. Here's a tip for avoiding the hop-on, hop-off bus vendors who accost visitors when they leave the hotel--use the City Kitchen exit to get out onto the street as the bus people don't seem to cluster around that door as much.",3
6474, June 2017,My first stay,"The check in process was horrible. The line was out the door and took us over hour and half.. then we were shuffled to other desk to get harassed about timeshare. When I said sure the guy said I needed my husband who was going to be in a conference. He said ""thy wouldn't he want to go with you to the tour that's silly"". I was offended by his condescending attitude and that is a turn off. The bathroom shower leaked and 1 big towel had something brown and crusty on it.",3
6475, June 2017,Short Trip,"This hotel is in an excellent location for Broadway shows and Times Square. The parking package is a bargain and they don't mind oversize vehicles. We have stayed here twice and both times we have had an excellent experience. We were very specific on the rooms we wanted, corner rooms and king bed which they don't seem to have many of but the receptionist are very pleased to find whatever they can to give us what we had requested. The elevator system is excellent, never a wait even though the hotel was clearly full and even when there were crowds of people using them.",5
6476, June 2017,Worst Hotel Room,"Very disappointed in quality of room - outdated, dirty, small with no chair, no ability to rent movies. Going on my list of where not to stay next time we visit NYC. Definitely was not the ""premium"" room that we were told. In need of an overhaul and better cleaning services.",1
6477, June 2017,Bad experience,"We went to celebrate our 20th anniversary in Time square and Central Park . We have been to several hotels and all of them offer the same amenities . This one offered the bare minimum. No fridge to keep meds cold, no counter space in bathroom, cheap IKEA style furniture. You get a bed and a wooden desk chair. My bathroom smelled like urine, which was nasty",2
6478, June 2017,Good Value and Great Vacation Stay,"Clean, attractive, friendly staff, etc. Rooms were small as indicated on other reviews, but perfectly adequate for a NYC adventure. Arrived at apprx 2 pm in a group that reserved about 30 rooms and they were ready. A little wait at registration but the staff was pretty immediately increased to handle us as well as another group that was coming in. The lobby, throughout the stay was often full, but to me that shows the popularlity of the hotel. Will consider again for next year's trip....",4
6479, June 2017,Row,The hotel has a perfect location and the price point is ok for the area. The only thing is the room wasn't very clean and the room service isn't very efficient. I would still book at the Row because of the convenience,4
6480, June 2017,Constituent Relations Officer,"Hotel - modern amenities, good location, clean, and excellent prices. However, the check-in process left a lot to be desired--it was a poor experience. The front desk staff were inpatient, sometime loud and even rude.",3
6481, June 2017,Good hotel in excellent location,An excellent location just a short walk from Times Square. Good facilities and helpful staff. Room was a bit small but not too much of a problem as only stayed there 3 nights. Concierge was very helpful and provided lots of useful information on local bus tours and theatre shows. Would definitely stay there again.,4
6482, June 2017,Terrible experience,"Everyone in NYC was great except Row hotel and staff. They gave me the wrong room the first night, after that when they so called upgraded me, they gave me a suite with a king size bed and no pull out sofa for three adults. Very uncomfortable. This has been the biggest waste of money. All staff but one nice lady were rude and made me feel like I was wrong when I was not. I will never recommend this hotel to anyone.",1
6483, June 2017,Average hotel but good location for tourists,"Small rooms, slow check-in process and not particularly friendly staff. Rooms are small (as expected in NYC) but clean with very comfy beds, albeit on the short side. I'm 5ft 10 and my feet were hanging off the end of the bed! Hotel is in a good location for sightseeing right by Times square. Food options are good.",3
6484, March 2017,Good value for money,"Great central location, busy and hopping atmosphere. Very busy with movement in and out of the hotel. Be careful about the elevator experience...you need to select the floor before you get in! Did not experience antything else outside of my room as I had busy Schedule of appointemtns in the city.",4
6485, June 2017,Great place to stay,"Great place to stay very central, staff all friendly and very accomodating, however if you need to call a doctor make sure they send you to a walk in clinic we needed a doctor and the cost was $3450.00 and they wanted payment immediately would not accept travel insurance or Amercian Healt Insurance so we had no funds left for the rest of our trip had to borrow from family to eat",4
6486, June 2017,Stay At ROW,"It was a nice and wonderful experience. Room is in center of the city we got good connectivity. Travel time is saved and we really enjoyed. Service of ball boys was splendid and supportive, probably we prefer to stay at ROM next time even during my business trip.",4
6487, June 2017,Last minute booking,"We were originally booked in another hotel nearby, but elected to find a different hotel. Searched online and saw The Row had availability, but when we went to the front desk they said they were booked. I told them I saw availability online and they told me I would need to book online, so I did. The room was small, but clean and that's all that we needed. We felt very safe. It's a hip, modern hotel. If you're looking for bells and whistles, this isn't it. If you're looking for a clean, safe place to stay and don't need the frills, then this is a great place for the price! Close to Times Square and located in the heart of the theatre district. I would stay here again.",4
6488, June 2017,Broadway Getaway,"Fabulous boutique hotel, with quaint & quiet rooms. The staff were all very professional & friendly. Great location from which to explore the entire city. We would definitely consider returning to Row NYC.",5
6489, June 2017,Excellent service,"Douglas, the front desk associate was extremely helpful and informative when he was checking us in. Would definitely come here again as the room was very nice with a very nice view. Also, it is in a great location!",5
6490, June 2017,Terrible Customer Service,My wife and I stayed here June 5-7 2017. On June 6th two pairs of Bose headphones were taken from the room (worth $500). Filed a complaint with security and were told they'd get back to us asap. Nearly two weeks passed and only after multiple calls and emails would someone return my calls. They claimed it was my carelessness that the headphones went missing but that is ridiculous because they were either stolen or bundled up in the sheets and thrown out with the laundry. Either way it's the hotels fault and I should be reimbursed. I tried complaining on twitter and they blocked me rather than try and resolve the issue appropriately. Just the worst experience. Now this is post 5 of 500 I am writing to warn people about RowNYC. 1 post for every dollar my headphones were worth.,1
6491, June 2017,One of the best hotel experience!,"Pleasant stay, helpful staff, great nights sleep!! Early check in within 15 minutes of arriving, clean amenities, other thab obtaining keys all check in/check out via email-extremely streamlined and convenient! All staff are friendly and accommodating without being ""in your face"". Clean, comfortable, pleasant room and bathroom, best night sleep in a hotel that I can remember!",5
6492, June 2017,should be minus one....,"There were items stolen from the room, but the hotel staff didn't want to know about it. Management needs to own up to having staff that steal and make some changes. #sad #neveragain #loveNYC #nevercomingback",1
6493, June 2017,Rooms at backof hotel were noisy. Rooms small,Extraction runs 24/7 with no silencers.. vibration can be felt through the bed. We stayed here before and found it ok but this time was too noisy to sleep! Good location and the road noises at the front are bearable/ expected but the city stand hum of the extraction fans were just too much. We were swapped rooms 3 times but gave in and accepted a noisy room In the end!,3
6494, June 2017,"Good location, disorganized checking in procedures",Good location. Very crowded and disorganized check in procedures. No luggage/bell boy services- you'll have to carry your own luggage. Good choice of value meals at the food market at the hotel. Will recommend this hotel for its central location near broad way.,3
6495, June 2017,Great location but service lacking,"If you are on a mid budget with a decent clean room and priority is on location, this hotel works well. If you are looking for service and well-thought guest needs, look somewhere else. The check in was super long - the hotel sent a online check in mail with a link that doesn't work (others in line also tried and could not get it to work as well).",3
6496, June 2017,Great hotel,"This hotel was perfect for our short stay in NY. The location is just unbelievable, you are so close to Times Square it almost seems too good to be true. I thought I had paid for everything when I got there but tax was added on at check in, but despite that I don't think I would stay anywhere else other than this hotel if I ever go back. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful, the room was spotless and clean with great air conditioning and a very comfy bed. I would really recommend paying just that little bit extra for the location, it makes things easier on you in the long run.",5
6497, June 2017,Disappointing,"The Row is situated in a great location, but that's the best thing about it. It took 45 minutes for me to check in, which is unacceptable. I called down to get a few extra towels - which never came. I called down again for more shampoo/conditioner + towels which, once again, never came. The room was an average size for New York which is expected, but not having a proper bathroom door that can be closed without cracks in the sides is odd.",2
6498, June 2017,Good value for the area,My room was clean and comfortable with great air conditioning. I think the hotel breakfast area not the Kitchen Restaurants is a total rip off and would recommend going outside of the hotel for breakfast. The water stations to refill my water bottle each day is great. The elevator system is very efficient for getting to your floor with little wait time.,4
6499, June 2017,Junior was so nice to us! He is the best!,"Really cool staff at check in! Junior was always there to help us and we was super welcoming! Since we arrived there we felt like home, we actually speaks Portugues and was very nice of him to have most of the conversation in Portugues.Thank you soooo much we love you!!!",5
6500, June 2017,douglas IS THE BEST AT THE ROW,"Douglas is great ...awesome job buddy ....very helpful guy , amazing ,fast friendly ...becuase of douglas we will like to come again to your hotel ....very professional and happy,very positive and suportive.Douglas is great ...awesome job buddy ....very helpful guy , amazing ,fast friendly ...becuase of douglas we will like to come again to your hotel ....very professional and happy,very positive and suportive.Douglas is great ...awesome job buddy ....very helpful guy , amazing ,fast friendly ...becuase of douglas we will like to come again to your hotel ....very professional and happy,very positive and suportive.Douglas is great ...awesome job buddy ....very helpful guy , amazing ,fast friendly ...becuase of douglas we will like to come again to your hotel ....very professional",5
6501, April 2017,Great Location,"Overall the hotel was good, clean and in an amazing location to everything you will ever need. However, checking in takes an awful long time. When my room key stopped working, had to stand back in the check in queue again as there was no one else to go to. They need to smarten this part of the overall experience up. If there was a better system here, my service score would have been much hight.",4
6502, June 2017,Love Row!,"This was my 3rd time at Row and I don't have any problem during my stay! Room, check in, staff, cleaness, noise, bed, shower.... No problem at all! Row is different and I love stay there! Try yourself and you'll see!",5
6503, June 2017,row nyc,"Mobile check in didn't work at arrival but no one seems know about it or answer question about it. There was staff drill, which understandable, but manager/staff onsite didn't exactly know how to handle extremely long line and felt like no one know what do. Hall way smelled pretty bad and hard fine room. Room was fairly clean but only sliding door which didn't even closed fully and over all room seemed much smaller and old than I expected. Mattress was ok but not that comfortable. AC was extremely loud and I woke up few times.",3
6504, June 2017,"Very good, but coudl be better","The hotel itself if really good ! Clean, Beautiful, Modern, well located. My only complait is about the way the employees do the things. I have booked 2 standard rooms: One for me and one for a member of my team, arriving 4 days after me.When i arrived, i've requested for an early check in and i was hosted into room 2835. The room is really small ! I barelly could be between the bed and the wardrobe, but that was fine ! When the other member of my team arrived, i helped him to go to his room ( also standard) and i discovered that his room was the double, in size, of mine ! When i went to the front desk to ask why this was happening, the manage Eugene said the rooms were exactly the same (???????????) I told her that the rooms could have the same qualification on their",4
6505, June 2017,Our 1st trip to New York City,Didn't know what to expect. The Row was wonderful. Designers did an excellent job in refurbishing and modernizing a very old building. Our stay was great and the Row staff were very helpful. Hitel amenities were just right and more than expected.,5
6506, June 2017,Expensive but low level of comfort,"Room small and very noicy a/C. Relativly clean, but you would not want to stay there more than necesary. Sleep there (bring earpluggs ), and get breakfast somwhere else. Tragic that you have to pay so much for this.",2
6507, June 2017,Yelp reviews not very accurate!,"Booked this hotel and then read Yelp reviews and got worried. We had a great experience here! Friendly staff (especially bellmen), fantastic location and great value. Yes, check in between 4 and 7 looked like a long wait, but just go at an off hour earlier in the day and check your bags. We arrived at 10:30, waited maybe 15-20 mins, got pre-christmas in, dropped bags and went exploring. Then received email around two saying our room was ready and got a QR code which allowed us to go straight to machine in lobby and print out our room key! Elevators are awesome as they allow you to get on one that only goes to a select set of floors (no stopping a bazillion times). Yep the room was small and needed refreshing (items chipped, etc) but perfectly adequate for price and location.",4
6508, June 2017,Great location. Poor staff,"If the staff was better this would be 4 star or higher. USE E-CHECK IN. Just like most sights in NYC, staff doesn't think it needs to be nice because of the high demand for rooms. SERVICE is not part of their job. They have a front desk not a service desk. People waiting for 3 hours for additional towels. Food court was nice, but it was hot as hell 90 % Of the time. Shower floor was squishy like bad floor boards or trapped air, weird.",3
6509, June 2017,"If you like tiny, you will love this",Absolutely not 4 star. I stayed at 5 star down the street an it is three times the size and twice the quality. There was no AC in the halls or elevator. More like a two star experience. Watson's is better.,2
6510, June 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"Junior at this hotel was so brilliant I can't praise him enough how efficient, witty, & very welcoming he was. nothing was too much trouble for him. Hope his employer appreciates the asset he is to this hotel.",4
6511, June 2017,Noisy hiyel,"Noise noise and more noise.I was in a 3rd flat and the windows were really old, so it seemed that I was in the street. Took me 1 hour to check in due to a huge Noise noise and more noise. Took me 1 hour to check in due to a huge queue. I will never recommend this hotel. One of the worst experiences of my trips. I will never recommend this hotel. One of the worst experiences of my trips",1
6512, June 2017,Row NYC horrible,This was a horrible stay! Staff was very rude & unprofessional. Hotel was dirty & under construction. Expected more from staying right in Times Square. Will never stay here again! Not a good first impression,1
6513, June 2017,$300 deposit not returned and disgustingly rude staff,After arriving at the hotel we were charged a deposit of around $300 which was not clearly described previous to our arrival and took up a large amount of my holiday funds. I checked out 2 days ago and I have only been refunded partially and I have not been told why. On the last day we checked out and handed our bags to the concierge who put them away for us and we left a $10 tip. We were only away for a couple hours and returned. We then asked for our bags and were told to get them ourselves. I was shocked as he led us to a storage room deep in the bowels of the hotel. We then had to lift them off the racks ourselves and were then told by another concierge that we were not allowed and this area and had to leave. I was shocked by this interaction and ruined the end of my,1
6514, June 2017,Fine excluding check-in process,Check-in was terrible; it took over thirty minutes to reach the check-in desk. Room air conditioner sounded like a jet engine. I called for help and the maintenance technician said all units were the same.,2
6515, June 2017,All around an OK exp,"All around it was an ok hotel. A few reconstruction, growing pains, and minor issues to detail. Have the screens be able to rotate so you can see them from the bed. Finish the trim around the room, and some better towels. After that the room was ok. The front staff was average, kind of rude when I had to sacrifice my room with a view for an early check in time. I would stay again, specially if you want to be next to all the theaters. It was a great location for all the touristy stuff. I not a big fan of that but that is here nor there.",3
6516, June 2017,Avoid at all cost,"It's really not worth it. Super long wait just to check-in. Super long wait to check-in luggage only to be taken to your luggage at a later time thrown on the floor in some in door alley way. If you're ok with a hostel type hotel, this is the hotel for you. The room was decrepit, the tub wasn't cleaned, and the rooms are super tiny. All in all, gross.",1
6517, June 2017,Unsatisfied,"Positive: Good localization, near Broadway theaters. The hotel is big and express check-out is a good option. Negative: bad internet in room. Compulsory facilities fee. No minibar in room. Maid knocking at the door in morning.",3
6518, June 2017,Dreadful service,Lights & electrics not working & not fixed promptly despite several requests. Eventually fixed at 11.30pm. We should have been provided with an alternative room rather than having to sit through the electricians.,1
6519, June 2017,Great location. Good overall stay.,"Awesome location. Front desk staff, bellmen, doormen were super helpful. Our keys kept messing up. We had to get new ones 4 times. The walls are thin, but the noise wasn't too bad despite this. Really the only weak spot was housekeeping. They could have done a better job.",4
6520, June 2017,Very nice,We stayed here a few weeks ago. Very quiet and comfortable. Double beds which were very nice. Bathroom is quite small but adequate. Staff was friendly. Interesting elevator system which seemed to work quite well. Friendly bartender in an interesting bar. Great location. Windows need washing but that did not take away from our stay.,5
6521, June 2017,Perfect location,Just returned from 4 nights at the Row NYC. On arrival we mentioned I was celebrating a special birthday and was upgraded to a king room (1108) by Douglas on reception -this room was a good size and had two windows with different views. Hotel was clean and had maid service daily. Perfect location for all the attractions but please be aware this makes it quite noisy at night so make sure you pack your ear plugs. If looking for somewhere cheaper to eat visit 9th Avenue for some great restaurants. Would stay here again.,4
6522, June 2017,Beware of the facilities fee!,"This best thing about this hotel is its location. The rooms are small, but it is NY, so something I was expecting, however, the upkeep in this hotel is nonexistent. When we arrived there was trash strewn in the hallway in front of our room that remained until the following evening. In our room there was a rusty towel over the showerhead that would drip water down on when taking a shower so we removed it. Once removed, the shower head sprayed all over—it was clear that this was their solution to a leaky shower head and from the rust collected on the towel, it was not being replaced between guests. The hotel was not the cleanest I have ever been to and the walls are paper thin. This was a clear lesson in, you get what you pay for. This is a hotel for a younger or inexperienced",2
6523, June 2017,Don't waste your time,"Waiting in many lines, confusing, laborious check-in, waiting for baggage, impersonal service... that was the gist of my experience at Row NYC. I spent an hour standing in various lines 3 x to try to check in, and another hour waiting for my bag to come upstairs- being outright lied to by the concierge when I called twice, to finally go down to the luggage room and rescue it myself. Imagine if this were my first time in NY to have that much time wasted. Row NYC needs to change their check in policy, hire more people, and create directions/signage/greeter positions to Welcome guests, not put them off. The elevator system is also weird and creepy, bringing you only to your floor with no other chance to get off. Though clearly set up for efficiency, it feels unsafe. The rooms are",2
6524, May 2017,VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH ROW NYC HOTEL,"We also had problems during our checkout. You guys charged my credit card with the full amount of $250,00 for the resort tax. However, we had received a discount and we were told t pay $108,00. Sadly.",1
6525, June 2017,Excellent!!!!,"Is an amazing place to stay , near to every where , time square, central Park, Broadway, subways, restaurants, excellent service, every thing was nice on row NYC, from desk attendant ,incredible, very nice place to stay , I recommended",5
6526, June 2017,Poor customer service,"You need courteous housekeeper. She was extremely rude and unprofessional. It was our first time staying at ROW and will not go back nor recommend the place to anyone. The housekeeper made a point when we arrived that she's not there to accommodate the guests but herself. It was a bad impression from then on except Neil (bell staff) who tried his best to accommodate all guests despite of short staff and disorganized supervisors. You need to review the leaderships in your hotel or you will never have good reviews. If you need more feedback feel free to email me at sherillp888@icloud.com if you truly cares. Sincerely, Hopeful Guests",2
6527, June 2017,Not sure if I would stay here again,"My room was not ready upon check in, which wasn't too big of a deal for me. However, I had. It air in the room and it was a sweltering day in NY. Called to report it-was told someone would come fix it-engineering came but couldn't repair it until the next day. Again, it was not repaired when I returned back to the hotel from our all day outing. I had to call and insist to be moved to another room.",3
6528, June 2017,Excellent Location and fair price,The Row is very contemporary. The best feature is the location. The rooms are typical NYC small but clean. The bed was comfortable. The front desk was a slow for check in as well as help I needed later in my slow. Overall it was a nice place to stay.,4
6529, June 2017,Nice find in the Theatre District,"Full disclosure: I dislike large hotels. That being said, we needed quick accommodations and wanted to be near the Theater District and this hotel definitely met our requirements. The price was reasonable for NYC and for the location, and the accommodations were satisfactory. We appreciated the cafe in the lobby which had better fare for the price than the surrounding restaurants with regard to breakfast. Though we stayed on the 23rd floor, we were surprised how quiet the rooms were considering the constant noise of NYC. Between the comfort of the bed, the black-out shades, and the lack of noise, we slept beautifully. Yes, the hotel is big and the lobby can get way too congested for my tastes, so don't come here planning on a laid-back experience throughout the grounds.",4
6530, June 2017,Good location and nice staff but the hotel room needed painting and bathroom freshening too.,"Probably would not stay again, but it is close to Theatre District and Restaurant Row. The staff was nice, the room is small but that was fine. Room was quiet with good black out shades. Nice view of the water but the window did not open. The room needed painting, bathroom needed same type of attention.",3
6531, June 2017,Excellent location,"Great location. Rooms are small and need to be updated. We didn't interact much with staff but the ones we did were kind and friendly. Bed sheets were stained and asked them to change them. They did, but new sheets were also stained. They changed them again without request which makes me think they change sheets everyday no matter if guests are staying for many days (unlike other hotels we've stayed at). Rate is fair. We would stay at this hotel again without any doubt.",4
6532, June 2017,Great place to stay,"I had a great experience in this hotel. Would recommend this venue to all those travelling to New - York for business midtown: Client oriented staff, clean place, well located, great value for money and nice rooms for good sleep quality.",4
6533, June 2017,ny visit,"location was excellent; could use some updating. online check in and check out was great. liked custom elevator system; desk lamp did not work. stayed six nights; by fourth night, had run out of toliet paper; did not restock when needed.",4
6534, June 2017,Great Price Great location,We stayed for 6 nights in a two double bed room. Room was small but clean. A family of four (two small children) could stay comfortably. We had an issue with the AC on the second night which was taken care of right away. Would definitely stay again. A couple of times we had to show our room card to the attendant by the elevators to have access to them which I thought was a nice touch of extra security. The room attendants we're very nice and always asked if we needed anything every time we passed by. Check in and out was a breeze.,4
6535, June 2017,Read very well before you book,"Order a deluxe room with view on the city and a king size bed, I got non of it and needed to pay 105 dollars for a room change. The food was very expensive and not that tasty. you are better of outside of the hotel.",2
6536, June 2017,Hotels close to time square,"Having stayed in the heart of Time Square couple of times at various properties, this property did not offer value for money. The hotel should publish the room sizes on the website with the accommodation room rates.",3
6537, June 2017,PERFECT,"Love Row NYC. Great place to stay with my teenage daughter. Times Square and Broadway was at our feet! LOVED the staff. Friendly, helpful, always available. Best location imaginable and at a reasonable price.",5
6538, June 2017,not enough check-in staff available - please change that situation!,"The service we experienced during check-in was poor from a management point-of view The staff was friendly but could not cope with the volume of people checking in Breakfast experience was great, the breakfast staff is competent and friendlyand spreading out people in various areas of the hotel appeals to younger people.",2
6539, June 2017,Not worth the money,"Too expensive for what it is, the bed was comfortable and had enough towels, tv good, good view but too expensive 450$ for one night, the entrance is chaotic, the line in check in too large, printer didn't work in the computer station, and neither all the macs, but attention was good from the lady in front desk",3
6540, June 2017,Row NYC stay,"Pillows sucked, room was tiny, no refrigerator or microwave so we couldn't bring our left overs home and we had a lot of leftovers. It smelt like syrup when window was open. The air conditioner was loud.",3
6541, June 2017,Very nice hotel,The staff is very friendly to all their guests. The location of the hotel is great because it's in the heart of Manhattan. A lot of broadway plays and nice restaurants are near the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.,5
6542, June 2017,Our trip to NYC,"I enjoyed my experience at The Row NYC. Staff was friendly and helpful, luggage storage was efficient, and the location was excellent. We have been in the city several times, and this was my favorite location thus far. We would consider staying at The Row for our next visit.",5
6543, June 2017,NYC Row hotel -My views,"Stayed in Row NYC hotel for three nights during my trip to NY in June.The location is awesome, just a 5 min walk from Times Square. We arrived early in the morning, and had to wait till 3pm to check-in.But the person at the reception pre-checked in and we left our baggage in the luggage room. Rooms were small and little hard up for space.Neat and clean rooms.Bathrooms were small and neat. Interiors were modern.Housekeeping did a good job in cleaning our room. The Concierge was helpful in getting us a ticket to the bluesman show. The only annoying things was there were a few salesmen trying to sell some timeshare or something for a free breakfast,3 sales guys approached me and this was annoying. Check-out was smooth.There was a Mac Donald's very close by where we had our",4
6544, June 2017,Excellent service from the staff and Internet conexion failed,I am a wheelchair user and one morning it was raining. We wanted to breakfast at the Kitchen City so we need to take the elevator outside the hotel. A woman named Ilse Franke helped us to get to the restaurant without been wet. Internet conexion failed a lot because of the amount of guests,5
6545, June 2017,"New York, New York","The hotel is bigger than I expected. The lobby and the front desk are always crowded, and that was a negative point when it comes to the check in process. I had to wait in line for more than half an hour to be served. There were only two employees behind the desk. Fortunately, the check out process was much easier. The luggage storage was very useful, and the bellman very nice. The location of the hotel is excellent! Just a few steps from Times Square and a lot of theaters (The Majestic was just around the corner) and attractions (Rockefeller Center, Bryant Park, Empire State, Macy's, Central Park, etc). There are also a lot of restaurants and bars nearby, and they generally stay open until midnight. There's a Shake Shack just at the opposite corner. The subway station is also",4
6546, June 2017,"Row hotel, excellent choice.","We stayed for 2 nights and wished we were there longer. Just an amazing experience. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. The staff was friendly, courteous and very helpful. I cannot wait to return. It was well worth the money.",5
6547, June 2017,The location was good but evrything else bad,Rooms are old and tiny. Not shown as the picture. The bathroom was dirty and had no floor towel. They switched rooms for me which was a little bit better. Altho the staff is nice the place itself is not good. For the same price there are much better hotels.,3
6548, June 2017,Nyc June 017,"Great location with great connections to anywhere in the city. The rooms should b cleaner and have some more space based on the 4star category and price, check in should also b a little earlier 2 or 3 pm.",3
6549, June 2017,Family visit,"This hotel is a great price and located in the theater district. It's easy to get from place to place. The hotel is small , rooms small, but it's clean with a good restaurant and cute candy shop. The check in however is horrible! If you get passed that and please try not to store your luggage because that's a mess, it's a great hotel for price and location",4
6550, June 2017,"Hotel Ok, beware of Valet Parking","Auto was scratched and Supervisor denied event happened. Valet parked and when car was brought to the front of The Row, we noticed the driver got out and looked at the drivers side door. We approached the vehicle and it was scratched. Driver denied that scratch occurred on hotel property. Waited for Supervisor and he insisted it couldn't have possibly happened on Hotel property.",3
6551, June 2017,2 days at Row NYC,The hotel was very nice and the rooms were clean. We had a minor problem with our room after the first night and Zac at the reception was very friendly and helpful to solve our problem. We were switched to another room shortly.,5
6552, June 2017,Great location and clean.,"This hotel is well run. Good people taking care of the room. The room is small but functional. The air conditioning unit was excellent. Nice, pleasant helpful staff. It is located one block from Times Square.",5
6553, June 2017,Well located but real crappy hotel,"We stayed here for a couple of days, I understand that all rooms in manhattan hotel are small , but this was the worst of small and the bed which said can accommodate 2 could maybe accommodate 2 if we sleep sideways, the bathroom door doesn't close, the shower was crap, other than the location, I do not think this has any advantage at all and the price is exorbitant, must avoid.",1
6554, June 2017,Terrible stay,"Rooms are small, outdated. Bad smell throughout the hotel. Waited 15 minutes to check in. This was a terrible stay. Usually stay at the Yotel on 10th Ave. Took a chance with this hotel. Regretted every minute.",1
6555, June 2017,Awful,"A terrible hotel. Small, cramped rooms. Stale air in the room, particularly the bathroom which had a humid/moldy smell. The housekeeping service did not stop by the room as asked. Walls are stained. The long line to check in (and even longer to check out) and the customer service at the front desk are terrible. The floors are not clean or regularly vacuumed. Overall, a cramped, small, dirty facility that is not worth the low prices they charge. Also be wary of their mandatory fees for services most people don't use and that any other hotel would only charge if one used those facilities (i.e. gym, wifi, etc).",1
6556, April 2017,Would stay here again,"Great service, helpful staff, fantastic location, comfortable beds. All round great hotel and would definitely stay here again! Also the coffee at the coffee shop near the lobby make really good coffee!",4
6557, June 2017,AVOID THiS PLACE!,"Noisy, dirty, and gross. Hallways smell like fresh smoke- it was obvious people were smoking in their rooms. Our bathroom had not been cleaned and there were dirty bathroom linens left from previous guests. We let them know at the desk dang they never took care of the problem- the dirty linens remained until the end of our stay. There was trash littering the hallway floors. There were really noisy people on our floor waking everyone up and no one from the hotel would come deal with the problem. In most hotels, management will at least try to make something right or fix a problem but no one did that here. This is by far the worst experience we have had- avoid this place at all costs.",1
6558, June 2017,"Don't bother , missleading customers with images available on the net .","First impression from the front desk : Can't you see we are busy, no time for warm welcome . Awfull smell in the hallway, dirty carpet,some sort of renovation in progress that we have not being informed. Opening the room - disappointment completely difrent reality from what we paid for. Emailing , trying to reach for help , no answers . Reaching through booking.com - they can't help practicly they washing they hands they just middleman.no a pleasant experience. Never again.",1
6559, June 2017,RowNYC is the best!,"I love staying at RowNYC! The staff is great and you can't beat the location! The rooms are quaint, efficient and comfortable. Definitely indulge in breakfast and a drink at District M. City Kitchen has such a variety of foods, you can treat yourself to something different every day!",5
6560, June 2017,Not a nice experience,All hidden fees and taxes at the end of stay.. mass tourism and constantly busy and loud.. rooms did not look the same as on booking.com and staff at reception was pretty rude. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone and if I come back for the 6th time it will not be in The Row.,3
6561, June 2017,"Row, Row, Row, to your small room!","I arrived at the Row NYC a little after midnight due to our flight being delayed 2 hours out of San Francisco, CA. I called ahead and informed the staff I was arriving late. It was a very quick check in. They placed us on the 21st floor facing 8th Avenue. The check in clerk told me she was not going to lie and that I could still her street noise even from the 21st floor. She was correct. The bellman were great and took our luggage up to our room. The rooms were quite small. We were 3 adults and 1 child and we found it hard to maneuver our way in the room without bumping into each other. Bathroom was also small. I will say everything was clean and in working order including our AC. I called to see if there was a bigger room to accommodate my mother who is disabled and has a",4
6562, June 2017,Average,Hotel is situated conveniently in the heart of NYC and few minutes walk to Times Square. Opposite the hotel there's the popular Shake Shack and many other restaurants. Hotel rooms are VERY small and reek of sweat smell. Had to wait for about 45mins for the room as well. Wi-Fi speed was alright though.,3
6563, June 2017,Great location. Great price,One of the best things about the Row is its location. Right in the center of the theater district. A short walk to shopping. A short walk to Rockefeller center. Easy access to the subway to take you anywhere in the city. Rooms are nice and clean. Very comfortable beds. And great pillows. Also remember to check out City Kitchen,5
6564, June 2017,Row Row yourself to NYC,"Great place, first time in the city and loved the location. Easy to get out and explore. Plenty of drink and food options nearby. Close to Times Square and other spots of interest. Highly recommend and would stay again.",5
6565, January 2017,Cheap and Cheerful Stay,This hotel is located in Time Square and caters to tourists and business travelers alike. We have stayed her several times and the rates are always reasonable. The hotel is centrally located and has a nice food market directly next to the hotel.,4
6566, June 2017,Terrible Experience,Rude Front desk and poor room accommodations. First room given was nasty - the second was the size of a large closet. For nearly 200 per night - this was not ok. I was told I can come back the next day for a room but this was all they had. I booked my room prior to arrival from Rome,1
6567, July 2016,Great location,"This hotel is very busy but great location,rooms were spotless can't fault this hotel on our experience,you wouldn't believe you were in New York City as rooms were very well sound proofed! Brilliant location for all the sights and bus tours!",4
6568, June 2017,Perfect hotel for a NYC stay,My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. It is well located just off Times Square and in the theater district. The rooms were smallest but nice and clean the beds were super comfortable. It was easy walking to many sights.,4
6569, June 2017,"Good location, overpriced",The room was really small and very expensive but the great part was that it was a walking distance to Times Square. The room was clean and wifi was substantial. This was for my friends who had stayed for three nights.,3
6570, June 2017,Great Value,"The Row offers great value for a midtown/Times Square location. The staff and housekeeping people were friendly and professional. I have used in the past and will continue to be a guest in the future. Warning, the rooms are a bit ""cozy!""",4
6571, June 2017,We Got Bumped,We were bumped due to overbooking and moved to another hotel despite pre-paying on The Row's website. The staff at The Row was very courteous and paid our cabfare to the new hotel. The new hotel was definitely nicer but not as close to Times Square. I will stay at the other hotel next time instead of The Row. I gave a 3 rating because the staff went out of their way to apologize and make things right for us to the extent they were able.,3
6572, June 2017,Great place to stay on a Theatre weekend,"This hotel has some excellent people working here that keep the place clean and efficient. The room was safe and clean, and walking distance to the subway and theatres and great restaurants. Really pleased with the experience.",5
6573, June 2017,Not for families,"Location was perfect and concierge very helpful. Downside was that room carpet was dirty. Also no baggage storage even if we were okay to pay-- had i known this, i wouldnt have booked. Maybe for young families, this is not ideal, but more for teens and singles. Lobby was also extremely dark and can get very noisy",2
6574, June 2017,Great location,This hotel is a great place to stay because it is just a block or 2 from Time Square. There is several places to eat around this hotel. The room was very clean. The only downside was there was no refrigerator or microwave in room to use. So dont bring your leftovers from supper back because there is nowhere to put it. Overall the hotel was very good. The staff were helpful!! The bartender in the hotel was very nice and helpful with giving us ideas on the best places to eat.,4
6575, June 2017,In need of upgrade,"Long wait at check in, nice welcome, offered room upgrade as we were told their rooms were exceptionally small, we agreed and paid extra for filth, view of a wall, a carpet you stuck to and a lot of hidden charges, we have paid a lot less for better, no tea / coffee facilities, no fridge or any other requirements I would expect. Very neglected and worn room, positives, fast lift, nice reception and bar area.",2
6576, June 2017,not to be repeated,"we arrived at 22-00 hrs. after i6 hours travelling to a dull and miserable reception to join a line to check there was always a line at reception as there was never enough staff on duty , to be told that the hotel was fully booked and the hotel had a contract with Turkish Airlines who had a cancelled flight and that was were our room had been allocated this despite having received an E mail confirming a paid for and guaranteed room for us . we were transferred to another hotel for the first night and offered free breakfast vouchers , there was no offer of a taxi so we ended up by dragging our cases 200 meters thro. Time Square at midnight . Next morning we arrived back at the ROW hotel joined a line to check in, joined a line at the bag drop. went to use our free breakfast",1
6577, June 2017,"Small room, very late check in","Room is very small for the price value. Check in very late. Check in not organize and long line what make them do mistakes and acting not so nice. Tthe hotel manager sent us routine email asking how we are going, we answer with all the good and bad, but he or someone from the hotel haven't find the time to reply (so... why asking?)",3
6578, June 2017,The Row Review,"Rooms were well appointed, but tiny. I wish there had been SOME SORT of room service. Found it frustrating to be in line to check in (I was never sent a ""skip the line kiosk check in email) and be approached and be offered a gift from the concierge. When I went to collect after waiting for 40 minutes to check in, concierge asked me where my husband was. Since I was in New York with two daughters, I was informed I was inelligibile without my husband since it was a TIMESHARE SALES PITCH. Not cool. I will say that the service desk, any time I asked for something was RIGHT ON IT. Overall, if you are going to NYC for the theater or Times square, this is a pretty good value!",3
6579, April 2017,Reliable hotel,The hotel is in a great location. We initially had a problem with the room assignments but it was resolved quickly by Zac. He was very friendly and helpful. Thank you for making our stay hassle free. Thank you!,5
6580, June 2017,Muy bueno,"Very good!!! It is near everything!!! I will back for sure! Is a good place to stay with friends, cool place, cool food, cool building! I think that not is recomended for family, but however, i saw a lot of family! Great place!",4
6581, June 2017,Very good place to stay at,"Clean, well located, staff were professional and gentle. Wifi works very well and there is a subway station just around the corner. Although expensive, it,s worth it. I wolid stay there again ig ineant to be in a nice place in the middle of Times square.",4
6582, June 2017,they lie to us to get some more money from us. it was a horrible treat,"in the check in they sugest us to get a better room and promise us to get a present because there was my girlfriend´s birthday. we pay more and we didn´t receive the present, it was a lie. and when we went again to ask for the present they told us nothing could be done. we are not going to return to the hotel and not recommend it because what you did is not right, you sold us a better room with a lie.",2
6583, June 2017,ROW is a great location and value!,"Four of us stayed in two rooms at the Row for a week. It was an ideal location for us. We spent our week attending Broadway shows and taking in a few sights such as the Intrepid Museum, the Statue Of Liberty, the Freedom Tower and the Empire State Building. The hotel rooms have been recently remodeled and updated. They were clean and comfortable. The beds were comfortable as well. It was an easy walk to many restaurants. The only negative thing was the view. The hotel is built around open squares and the view from our windows into these dark abysses was best blocked by keeping the shades drawn all the time.",5
6584, June 2017,Awful Customer Service at Row,"I booked rooms for two business associates at Row for week-long stays. The first was to arrive on a Sunday afternoon and had requested a fridge to be placed in her room. I pre-paid for both hotel rooms, including the cost of the fridge, two days before check-in. Upon arrival, the first associate was told that she would have to pay for her room, though I already had a receipt. When she went to her room, there was no fridge. She requested it three different times and did not receive it in her room until Wednesday evening, when she was told the charges would be credited back to both of us. The second associate was taking an overnight flight and was scheduled to arrive early Monday. I made sure to mention this when booking the room, and the person I spoke with told me there would",1
6585, June 2017,Little room for a lot of money,"There were two beds in the room, there was a TV, There was free basic Internet. There was no Chair to use at what appeared to be a desk provided. The two double beds took 80% of the space. I won't ever stay there again.",3
6586, June 2017,Haven't even arrived yet!,"I made a booking through Hayes & Jarvis in August last year to this hotel, where I am due to stay with my 21 year old son (birthday present), arriving on Monday. I made it clear that I would need separate beds and that request is on my copy of the booking form. I have just emailed the hotel to confirm the beds to be told they are sold out... sorry. Apparently my tour operator booked a standard room with only a request for twin beds. Fair enough, I will take that up with them in the morning. But surely it is clear from the request that I require two beds, so why did they not contact my agent to inform them that was not possible? Oh because THAT request goes to a third party and they don't see it. What's the point in putting it on there then? They know full well how hard",1
6587, June 2017,Good dtay at a perfect location,"The location of the hotel is perfect, the whole city can be reached by foot, no subway ticket necessary. rooms are very small but almost clean, staff was not very rapid, therefore very long wating times at the front desk.",3
6588, June 2017,Great place to lay your head in the heart of Times Square,"The Row is not luxurious, but it's clean, comfortable and quiet. This is the second time I've stayed here and for a place to catch a few zzzzs in NYC, the Row is great. Easy check in and check out. Nice staff.",4
6589, May 2017,"Never, ever again!","Once you get past the beautiful reception & impressive ground floor of The Row, be prepared for utter disappointment. I had booked two rooms, both with an upgrade. We were told we were upgraded to bigger and better rooms but I would hate to even see the basic rooms. It was very dirty and it is in dire need of a refurb. The hotel was loud, and there was no room service - for water you get a refillable bottle but I had to go to FOUR floors before the water machine worked. Never again, the staff were rude and the hotel was awful. Such a shame that the location is perfect!",1
6590, June 2017,Nice and clean hotel,"Nice and clean hotel with helpful staff and a nice bar. It is also ablitle cafe for the guest. We first got a room with much noice from the backyard, but they let us change room the 2.night. Central hotel with ""everything"" outside.",4
6591, June 2017,Row on down the street,"It was dirty, poorly updated, and not worth the price. I have stayed in much nicer hotels in NYC for less money. I found hairs in the shower and on a wash cloth, the desk was falling off the wall, and carpets were so dirty your feet stick to them.",2
6592, June 2017,Choose Row NYC,"We choose Row NYC 2 summers in a row for location, price and convenience. Hotel is in great location near Theater District, Times Square and Subway! Love the Market Place for breakfast and snacks. Safe, walking shopping and dining area. Do not expect luxury. Nice, clean and fine.",4
6593, June 2017,Freshen up,"The lobby could use some TLC. Its the main point of contact for thousands of people. Base molding in the room (703) was in disrepair. One aggravation is that the 'Easy Check in' Kiosk wasn't working, and it wasn't working last year.",3
6594, June 2017,Girls getaway,"My daughter, step daughter and my ""wife in law"" planned a quick getaway to NYC... it was the first time to NYC for my daughters and Maurizio Bonivento the Managing Director helped make our stay great and affordable. Can't say enough.... Atmosphere and location are great.... if we visit again no doubt where we will be staying. Thanks again ROW NYC for a great time.",5
6595, June 2017,Quality Vs Location,"Great location, great housekeeping services, great luggage. Terrible management and small rooms. Front desk was always so swamped that they COULDN'T be hospitable. Keys are a joke and deactivate several times a day. My child is gluten free and there were no options inside the hotel for her.",3
6596, June 2017,No Excuse,"Check the room over carefully and make sure everything is clean , blood stains on the mattress cover was not the way I wanted to start my 3 day stay . But when a problem does occur it should have been handled quickly and with no more stress on the guests",2
6597, June 2017,Family trip to the city,This hotel is excellent value and location and was very clean. The rooms were small and you could tell it is an old hotel that has been renovated however it was excellent for my family and our visit. We enjoyed our stay and the convenience of the walk to time square and the great resturants of Hell's Kitchen. It was my husbands and kids first trip to the city. The location and price was perfect for us.,4
6598, June 2017,"Great location, too bad our room wasn't ready at 1:00 am!","Loved the location of this hotel. Was perfect location to see multiple shows, plus only one block form Times Square. Room and bathroom was small, but was expected for the price. Only issue, but it was a big one, our room was not ready upon our 1:00 am arrival! I had to wait with my two kids for 30 minutes in the middle of the night after 13 hours of travel.",3
6599, June 2017,I DIDN'T GET MY ROOM!,I made a reservation for a deluxe room with a view a week in advance and paid in advance as well but I got there and didn't what I paid for! They gave me whatever they had left over because they were all sold out? I reserved it before how can they not have my room and sell it to someone ese . Absolutely terrible.,1
6600, June 2017,Satisfaction,"Suply my expectations. I book by internet and I didnt know the hotel. I was afraid with teh conditions of local, but when a came, i realised that the Row NYC was the perfect local to bring my wife. We were celebration our 25 years of wedding.",5
6601, June 2017,Great hotel & Great location!,Pleasantly surprised by this Hotel. Rooms were pleasantly on the large size for NYC - the City Kitchen dining attached was great (but should open earlier & close later!) only negatives were street noise impacting sleep & a very rude bartender.,4
6602, June 2017,The Most Disgusting Filthy Mismanaged Hotel,"Upon arrival we waited over 15 minutes to check in with only one person in front of us. We arrived at around 3.30 pm and were immediately told that check in was at 4:pm, we thought no problem . We were checked in by Junior who was the best part of our two night stay .We went to the room and we looked around and realized the room did not appear to have been cleaned. (photos attached). The bathroom floor and the toilet had pubic hair on them .Paper & tags from other people clothing were on the bedroom floor. I was over whelmed by all this & sat on the bed and when I took off the comforter and lifted it up & there on the side of the Blood was YES someones PERIOD BLOOD all over the side of the bed (photo attached). The 1st call to housekeeping I got a machine telling me to leave a",1
6603, June 2017,Fun stay!,Location was of primary importance and ROW nailed it for me. The hotel is contemporary and full of buzz; the food options are interesting and of wide variety; the elevators are fast and efficient. Fun place!,4
6604, June 2017,Good choice for a quick touristic trip to NY,"Wonderful stay, close to everything, very clean, amazing shower, modern decoration and good vibe. Nice and kind people always willing to help! Especially Douglas at the front desk, he helped us a lot and made our stay better!",5
6605, June 2017,Outstanding Front Desk Service,"Zac, one of the front desk associates, is amazing! I had lost my very expensive jacket when checking in and did not realize it until the next day. When I came down and started asking the front desk Zac overheard and brought out the jack, which he had saved behind the desk. That is next level service!",5
6606, June 2017,Terrible,"They sent me to another hotel because they were overbooked, that is so disrespectful. I paid a lot of money to stay at the Row, and they sent me to the Mela, which is much inferior. They didn't even reward me.",1
6607, June 2017,Always Awesome,"Friendly staff, clean rooms great location. Rooms with a view are worth the up charge. Drink in the lounge are pricey even by NYC standards but there are plenty of watering holes within walking distance.",5
6608, June 2017,NOISE,"I think it´s posible noise insulation for any rooms. The hotel is on a central place for visiting Middle Manhattan. Near to: Grand Central, Port Authority, Broadway, Times Square, 42th Subway Station.",4
6609, June 2017,The Best Overbooking Hotel in NYC,"I had been to 7 countries in the last 5 weeks and I was very tired. I sent an email to the hotel and Booking.com and told them we were arriving late. They sent us to another hotel that was ""suppose"" to be 2 blocks away. It was an 8 dollar taxi ride. The next day the Row cannot tell me if I even have a room yet and I have to check out of the alternate hotel. I then find out that I was charged full price on my credit card for the alt. Hotel not the price I got the Row for. Plus we had tickets to 2 Broadway shows 1 block from the Row now I'm having to pay more money. I ask for my money back and changed hotels. We were not the only people who were involved with the Overbooking problem. I blame Booking.com as well. I won't be booking with them again.",1
6610, June 2017,one night stay,"This hotel is in a great location for a Broadway visit, and is affordable compared to other hotels in the area. The rooms are small, but considering the purpose is to be in NYC I doubt people will spend much time in their room. The beds are comfortable for a good night's rest.",4
6611, June 2017,Quick trip to NYC,"Just ok, definitely could have been better. Really small room with limited amenities. Did early check in to avoid lines but key machine me not working still had to wait in line. Concierge not pleasant and not helpful. Won't choose this hotel again.",3
6612, July 2016,OK,Best things first: the location is great & that is my friends a great plus in NYC. Also the small Gym I thought was well equipped but nonetheless small. Unfortunately that`s it. Lack of Cleanliness & the state of the rooms were big issues for me.,3
6613, June 2017,"Average hotel close to times sq, subway and buses","Well located for 1st time tourists. Tiny room not tha same as the one I payed for in the web reservation, needs better deep and careful cleaning when changing guests, but its ok. Too crowded in the lobby to get to your room but many elevators, so it works acceptable.",3
6614, June 2017,Great- but be prepared,"Paid in full for the hotel, to then be slapped with the tax per night upon arrival to the hotel- wasn't aware of it, and so didn't budget for it. Spent a lot of the holiday stressed about money and didn't fully enjoy it.",4
6615, June 2017,Great location and comfy beds,"Expected more of a lounge vibe from this hotel, but found it to be very busy. If you aren't into that - this may not be the place for you. The price was reasonable however and the location good (if you are looking to stay near the theaters and heart of the city). Our beds were comfy and inside the room it was actually very quiet - which we enjoyed. Our room could have used some maintenance - ceiling was crumbling in the bathroom - but the bathroom was very clean otherwise.",3
6616, June 2017,Definitely satisfied with my stay.,"My standard hotel I use for business trips was booked and it took me quite a lot of research to find a reasonable hotel, with reasonable rates. Row was great and I'll definitely recommend to folks in my company needing a place to stay when our hotel is booked. It was clean which is my biggest fear when searching NYC for hotels I'm not familiar with. The only negative I'd say is it was extremely ""touristy."" Lobbies were crowded and I did wake up briefly to some partying in the middle of the night. No biggie by me though.",4
6617, June 2017,June weekend trip with husband,"Just returned from ROW NYC this weekend. Location excellent, easy walking distance to Times Square and theatre district. Staff very helpful and friendly. Rooms very small even though we had a Deluxe room and bathroom quite dated. Toilet poor flush and visible mold on windows. No mini bar, bed very comfortable. Corridors seem to have an old musty type smell but are visibly clean - lifts fast and efficient. Nice bar but expensive prices. Good if you want a central location and a basic hotel but if you are after a 4* or more hotel this isn't the place.",3
6618, June 2017,Second Stay Almost Ruined,"The hotel hasn't changed much in the 3 years since we last visited, beds are still comfortable and rooms are a good size. Great location, close to attractions and subway. The major negative is the hotel staff's attitudes. We come from Canada and are used to a certain level of politeness which is not their staff's way. Upon check-in, the female worker decided to change our dates without our consent which almost ruined our trip. If they hadn't have fixed it later that day we would have been on the streets for 3 nights! The male worker who got us our room back didn't say more than a ""sorry"" for their mistake and tried to make us believe it was our fault for not booking the correct dates. We could have lost out on $1000 plus from one worker not doing their job properly. We're very",3
6619, June 2017,Misled,I stayed at this hotel via the hotwire website after signing up for a times square area four star hotel. It is at best three stars. There was ongoing construction and the carpets were ripped up. I also waited to check in for an hour because the concierge and front desk we're combined.,2
6620, June 2017,ROW,Location was great just around the corner from Times Square. Internet did not work in our room for the first 3 days. Bedroom carpets were a bit dirty and the room was not 100% clean but still ok to sleep in. Staff were very friendly and very helpful. The ticket touts and tour operators outside the hotel became extremely annoying after the first couple of days. The heat was in the 40s so extremely hot and hard to walk around in for the two older women in our group so be careful when you are choosing dates to go there.,4
6621, June 2017,Too expensive for what it is,"Overcrowded and lacking the details that make you feel good, like a small coffee maker, a desk where you can really put your computer on and a functioning TV. I've been in other hotels in the same area that have better price/quality ratio. And on top of it the price on Booking is kind of misleading - and the first thing that happens when you get in (after queuing) is ""well let's give you the real price that you're gonna pay"". Which ends up higher that you though because of taxes and fees etc.",2
6622, June 2017,Great hotel for price and location,"This was a hotel with a little more character than a chain , but just as professional and had a great everything we needed. It is really great for the price and for the awesome location. Enjoyed very much!",4
6623, June 2017,"Nice location, but upgrades needed","Rooms features such as the tv, carpet, bathroom are dated. Needs major upgrades. No consideration for guests who were on floors where building renovations where happening. Very loud and dirty. Location is good for tourists.",2
6624, June 2017,June 2017 Trip!!,"First time visiting NYC with my family. We had a wonderful stay. The front desk staff to the management were very kind! Big shout out to Patrick, manager and Robert at the front desk. They made our stay less strenuous with some of the room issues. The location of this hotel was Excellent!. Central Park, Theater District, Times Square, and all the attractions are very much walking distance. The subway system were very easy to navigate and taxis are available anytime we needed them. As for their concierge service, Ken and Shirley were always on their phone. Every time we approached them with questions there was one word answer. Lucky, we came across Milton. He assisted us with directions, recommending great restaurants. He went above and beyond answering all of our",4
6625, June 2017,"Tidy, trendy, busy hotel","With the proximity to Times Square, theaters and public transportation this is an ideal restaurant for the tourist traveler. The rooms are small, but tidy and efficient. The lobby bar area seems to be perpetually abuzz with activity. The breakfast is decent and the cappuccino they made was excellent. The gym was ok, but enough space to get a workout.",4
6626, June 2017,Great experience,"Amazing location. Hotel is very clean, staff is friendly and helpful. Bed was very comfy, slept great! Somehow got a free upgrade to a suite...amazing views, soaking tub and separate shower. Will definitely be going back.",5
6627, June 2017,Anniversary Stay,Our first time staying at ROW NYC and it was for our 31st wedding anniversary. From the doorman to the bellman to the front desk staff & managers the overall experience was exceptional! Being an experienced world traveler and staying in over 100 hotels I have to say the ROW has been the best hotel by far! Sam the bellman is one of the friendliest people I have ever encountered. Jose at the bar is very entertaining and makes great drinks! Junior at the front desk goes above and beyond to assist. Nicole the manager is excellent!,5
6628, May 2017,Long line to check in. Unacceptable,I chose this hotel for its location and affordability. When I walked into the chaos in the lobby I knew it was a mistake. Very long line to check in with only a few attendants at 4pm. Many tourists hanging around the lobby on steps sofas etc.,1
6629, June 2017,"Very good hotel, nice rooms, great location !","Very good hotel, nice and clean rooms. The location is amazing and the service great. I had two double beds, the room was spacious. I also required a fridge and they didn't charge for it which was really nice !",5
6630, June 2017,One night stay,"Charged an extra 20$ for services that I didn't want/ nor did I ever receive. They advertise ""skipping the check-in line"" with automatic key generator if you check in online, but these were broken. Had to wait in line to check in for nearly 45 minutes. Had to consistently show our room key to a person monitoring the elevators as if we weren't actual guests. The only positive interaction we had was with the bellman who stored our bags. These guys were great and told us everything we needed to know about NYC. Everyone else could have cared less about our stay, just more concerned with our money.",3
6631, April 2017,First stay in NY,"We stayed at Row NYC from the 22 April for 6 nights. We arrived at around 4pm and the receptionist guy (I'm really sorry I can't remember your name but you were very polite, patient, professional & good looking) upgraded us to a corner room on the 18th floor - we had to wait a couple of hours for the room but we didn't mind - we grabbed a delicious burger from the Kitchen place and a cold beer from the New York Beer Company Bar. We were very happy with our room, huge and basic but we didn't mind that; the room could do with updating but I guess they can't do all of them at once; it had everything we needed. We had great night sleep, yes there was a lot of outside noise but what do you expect from Times Square and a couple of blocks from a fire station. We had no problems with",4
6632, June 2017,Disgraceful,"Honestly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, staff avoid any problems you have and are not one little bit helpful. Rooms was awful and extremely noisy. Bathroom was smelly and unclean. Shower did not work.",1
6633, June 2017,Row NYC stay,"Hallway stinks, very small room for 2 bedroom, bathroom so small that if you leave your main room door open people from the halleay can see you naked in the bathroom if you leave it open as well. Lobby computers very slow, unable to use it for personal business use.",2
6634, June 2017,Few days stay during the weekday.,"The room was smaller than expected but was well kept and had a lot of outlets thankfully. I was also glad to see keys being checked as you go to the elevators so only guests are allowed past a certain point of the hotel. The only trouble we had was connecting to the internet. We followed the steps but had to get help from the front desk. Overall, it was a great experience.",5
6635, March 2017,March Trip to NYC,"Great location, 5 minutes from Times Square, across the road from the Subway and many places to eat nearby. As with all hotel rooms in NYC, it is a bit small, but there again we only ever slept in there so no big deal. I would defo stay again.",5
6636, June 2017,ROW,"Great location, close to many attractions and Time Square. This is and old hotel in need of urgent TLC Do not let the online pictures they posted about the hotel fool. Eat out the food at the restaurant is overpriced and not even that good.",3
6637, June 2017,Choose another hotel!!!,"Low level and slow service in general, concierge service and staff seemed bored by our complaints, lots of confusion at check in downstairs, rooms super noisy and not clean, ice machine not functioning, poor quality bathroom amenities,",1
6638, June 2017,Price dishonesty when making reservation,Decent hotel. Good location. Dishonest price quote. Hid facility fee as taxes in confirmation. Showed manager confirmation at checkout which showed the room price but listed facilty fee with taxes. Person on the phone when making the reservation said Wifi was free but manager said it was part of the facility fee. Manager made minor adjustment to the bill.,2
6639, June 2017,Row NYC,It was our first time to NYC. I checked out prices on many hotels. This was a great value for the price. It was located right be Times Square and within walking distance of many attractions. It was clean and everyone was friendly. Would definitely stay again!,5
6640, June 2017,Noisy and bad customer service,"In my room, the noise was bad from elevators. I could not sleep. I raised the concern with staff and they laughed at me. After the 2nd request... they changed my room to a smaller twin bed which was quieter. I still had to pay the $300/night. Wrong choice on my end.",1
6641, June 2017,great location,"this hotel is right in the middle of everything- Time Square, Theater district, garment district, close to subway/bus terminal. There are a lot of restaurants and quick eats close by. You can walk to almost anything you need fairly quickly. Even on the 21st floor you can here street noise but I think this is typical of NYC. Overall the hotel is clean, friendly and we had a good experience.",4
6642, June 2017,Excellent location but poor accomodation.....,"Location is perfect but the noise was 24/7 terrible..... lucky us that we are always very tired dead that subconciously ignored the terrible noise that's is built along with, soecifically room 632""........................................""...",1
6643, March 2017,"Location, location, location..!!!","Great location for walking to theater, dinner, bowling.!! Perfect for young and young at heart..!! Walk up bistros were great idea. Several food choices in one place. Rooms were clean and decent size for NYC..will definitely choose Row NYC again.",5
6644, June 2017,Not great value for money,"Reception always busy, had to wait 40 mins to speak to a manager, strangely if I wanted a timeshare who tout you after checking in, in reception as they are always available, so they have the staff..no I wouldn't stay again, place is scruffy, noisy and not s pleasant atmosphere.However it is in a good location for the theatre district and Tines Square.",3
6645, June 2017,Great place to stay in NYC!,"Convenient location, excellent room & food. Overall a great experience. Loved that there was a room safe & that the elevator was dedicated to one floor at a time. Very efficient system. Filtered water stations are great too.",4
6646, June 2017,Low hosta,"The employes were not carefull with us. They anwsered us so fast and did not help us to know views of NY. I think about people who work in a hotel should talk at least two lenguages, English and Spanish.",4
6647, June 2017,Do not stay at The Row,This hotel trades on once of visitors who will never return. The staff are all rude. We had booked through booking.com and asked for an upgrade. On checking in there was an excess to be paid. We asked 3 times for a break down of this excess which was the upgrade we requested and taxes but the guy behind the desk kept repeating 'it's the excess on your bill' like he was an automated answer machine. He then disappeared for 5 minutes with no explanation as all upgrades have to be run by a manager in a back office. (Another staff member informed us of this when we queried where he had gone). He was extremely rude when he returned and realised we had complained. We went to go to our room and he hadn't explained how the lifts work so we get in the wrong one and then when we finally,1
6648, March 2017,Repeat guest - highly recommend for Times Square / Theatre District,"The rooms are extremely well-equipped and clean, and the beds are the most comfortable I believe I have ever slept in in any hotel experience. The cheapest rooms are incredibly small, but still comfortable (and hey - you're in town to see NYC, not your hotel room, right?). And for the price, you cannot beat the location. I mostly travel to NYC to see theatre, so if that's on your agenda, then look no further, book this hotel now. The staff are super polite and extremely efficient. On my last trip, one of our rooms wasn't quite ready by check-in time so they offered a free upgrade to a better room than we had booked for free and sent us a refund check for our first night several weeks later.",5
6649, June 2017,Good central location,I visited New York in June 2017 and stayed at Row NYC. The hotel is in a very good location convenient to Times Square and the central Manhattan area. The views from the room are impressive of the Manhattan Skyline. The staff were very friendly and supportive during our stay and the public relations manager worked hard to make sure that our rooms were perfect for our trip. We were in a superior room which had a lovely queen side bed and all necessities needed for our trip. The housekeeping ensured that we had fresh towels daily and tidied and cleaned the room to a good overall standard. The wifi in is of excellent quality throughout the whole hotel including individual rooms The concierge desk were very helpful in recommending places to go for drinks and food. Being in a,4
6650, June 2017,Great Location - Let down by staff and accommodation,"Hotel is in perfect location but the rooms are in need of an upgrade. Reception - took over 40 minutes to check in. An apology for the delay would have helped the situation but to be told ""that how it is in New York"" only made the wait unacceptable. Yes I am aware that you can book in on line but when you receive this info too late to act upon then not very useful Booked a superior twin room - Room very small - beds tiny - view of brick wall through the small window - debris on window ledge - plastic beakers and rubbish. Wardrobe - only 3 coat hangers - but do supply iron !! The bathroom ceiling was damaged with more flaking than ceiling - stains on carpets - light fitting loose and not working (surely previous guest would have reported) After a long discussion with Patrick the",2
6651, June 2017,New York Visit,"Visited New York and stayed in the Row on 8th Avenue, it was extremely busy and it showed, the staff were polite but wanted to deal with the next person as quick as they could, the food and the bar were OK the main plus point for the hotel was it's locality to all of New York uptown area, Central Park, Times Square and so on, the room was a good standard with all the normal amenities you would expect.",3
6652, June 2017,Awesome,"Nice view from our corner room, great welcoming, comfy king bed, just a few steps from the lights of Times Square. Loved it! Would without hesitation go back! Upgrade for corner room is totally worth it.",5
6653, June 2017,Horrible service,The check in was awful. The check in staff was rude and unhelpful. The bellman were the most pleasant amd nice and helpful. Literally no help feom feont desk or conceirge. All mobile check in did not work.,1
6654, June 2017,"Great location, some misses","The online pre-check in email option didn't work, despite me trying about ten times from four different internet connections. I tried to call and speak with someone to check in early because I had heard that the line up to check in upon arrival was insane. I called the number provided in the pre-check in email four different times and it was absolutely impossible to speak with someone at the front desk to assist me. The check in line is very long once you arrive, but Junior was great. He offered us a room upgrade, a discount on our mandatory facility fee, and a faster internet connection. Once we were in our room we were situated right outside of the ice machine and the sound made while dispensing was incredibly loud. The air conditioner was so loud and constant. It really",3
6655, June 2017,Horrible Experience,"I found a bed bug and they could've cared less. I asked to have new sheets and my bed made because they missed my room during the day... Instead they knocked on my door with sheets for me to make the bed. Also, there's no point in making reservations at this hotel because you still aren't guaranteed a room. They overbook the hotel and the day we got there, they had no rooms for us. So, they took us to another hotel. And the best part was they charged me a ""no show up"" fee the first night. The whole experience was a mess and very unfortunate. I would HIGHLY not recommend this hotel to anyone.",1
6656, June 2017,Penthouse,I booked a normal room but they put me in a penthouse room. What more can I say. Very nice. Front counter speed was professional and fast. Location is incredible. Time square is only 5 meetings away. Javits Center is a 18 minute walk away. Nice walk in the morning.,5
6657, March 2017,New York In March,"This hotel is a stones throw from Times Square, excellent black out blinds allow sleep when New York remains awake. The bar area is welcoming and staff are friendly. Rooms are tidy and modern. We had a great stay and would recommend this hotel on many levels.",5
6658, April 2017,The Row Experience,"My wife and I enjoyed our stay at the Row NYC. It was central to everything, clean, helpful staff and very cosmopolitan. We walked to Times Square,Central Park, Broadway and to all of the main attractions in New York.",4
6659, November 2016,Great Location ; however a lot of drawbacks,I stayed at the row both in 2015 & 2016; I will summarize my experience as following: Disadvantages: - Customer Service is not friendly; they indirectly make you understand that they don't want you to ask or to discuss anything. - Super Long Ques for Check In & Check Out. - Rooms are average; however in my first stay the room was cleaner and better. - I think more attention should be given to improve the quality of the rooms. Advantages: - Great Location. - Excellent lobby service such as multiple dinning places are within reach from inside the lobby. - Clean and Stylish Atmosphere. - I extremely liked the idea keeping a security guard at the elevator entrance making sure that everyone using the elevator to reach room is a resident or a companion of a resident which is,3
6660, April 2017,"Row NYC, Manhattan, NY","I stayed with the Row NYC, Manhattan with my family during Easter 2017. The hotel was very busy and the accommodation comfortable. As may be expected in the centre of a NY, the hotel lobby was always a hive of activity and on most occasions you needed to queue for reception. Overall the hotel was clean and comfortable and offers a good budget option for a very central location close to Times Square and within walking distance of 5th Avenue. Not being familiar with the city taxes charged in NY, my wife and I got a bit of a shock near the end of our stay when we were presented with an 'extra' tax bill charged for each family member for each night we stayed in the hotel. Before booking accommodation in NY the next time one would need to factor in this cost. Thanks for",3
6661, April 2017,Happy customer,"Location is perfect, room (12th floor on a corner) was bright, clean, quiet and cheerful; small but fine for one or two people. Not once in four days did I need to wait for a lift, and the queue to check in (mid afternoon) was short and I waited for around five minutes. Drinking water ""machines"" in the corridors was appreciated. I did some hand washing in the bathroom sink and the push plug jammed which left a sink full of dirty water. I tried ringing housekeeping and reception but the message just told me which number to press, but then I got the same message again (tried seven or eight times, would hate to think what would happen in an emergency, and this is the only reason I didn't give an extra star). This time the line down at reception was longer so I couldn't be",4
6662, April 2017,Awesome!,"Staffs are very friendly and accommodating, the housekeeping services did a good job,room is very clean and organized every day, location is pretty good for everything, a block away from Times Square.",5
6663, March 2017,Row NYC review,"Only stayed for two nights but had great service from when I arrived, with the bags and wasn't checkin yet, to the last day. By the way, really cool check out sistem (and elevators). I don't remember his name but the checkin guy was very solicitous to help us out with a room upgrade.",5
6664, June 2017,Very clean and comfortable,"Great central location, close to Times Square. Very clean, fairly small rooms but very comfortable beds, all rooms have air con. Still wish NYC hotels would supply kettle/tea/coffee in rooms. Bit on the dormitory style but then you are only sleeping there. My son booked the rooms last minute thru Booking.com and while they advertised them at $139 per room by the time they added all their little extras & taxes it was $195 per room (double & single). They charge a $30 utilities fee but this includes all phone calls whether local/national or international so i suggest you use it!",4
6665, June 2017,"Good value, bad deal","""You get what you pay for"" as they say. For the lower price, you get to wait in long lines to check in, and then have them give you room cards that don't work ... all with a bad attitude. Worse that that, the bar closes at 11:00. Guess to save money. For us ... not worth the savings. Would rather spend a bit more and feel comfortable having a final drink at ""home"" ... i.e. in the hotel.",1
6666, March 2017,Cool Hotel and great value too,"From the first moment entering the hotel it felt good, great location, cafe and surrounding facilities were excellent, rooms functional and comfortable. The staff were extremely helpful, check in and check out very easy, I liked the gym setup too",5
6667, June 2017,First time in New York,My sister and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It was a perfect location as this was our first time in New York and this being a very central hotel made it easy to get around New York and visit all the sites we wanted to see. The room had a gorgeous view of Manhattan which was lovely to wake up and see first thing in the morning and also very beautiful to see at night all lit up.,4
6668, March 2017,Cozy,"Simply that I was comfortable in the environment, and boy were those beds amazing best sleep I got in a while. All of the staff were friendly and very accommodating. I like the security of knowing only you or someone that has a room can make it past the elevators nice touch.",5
6669, May 2017,Great Hotel for seeing Broadway,Went to NYC to see Broadway Shows. The Row hotel was perfect for that. It is right in the Theater District and surrounded by shops and eating places. The hotel is comfortable and the service is very good.,5
6670, April 2017,Amazing experience with large high school group,"We traveled to NYC for an event with my son's choir. The hotel was very accommodating, and we had a pleasant stay. The rooms are a tad small, but that is common for NYC. Several local places to eat, but the places in the hotel were amazing!",5
6671, June 2017,My stay at the Row NYC,Excellent location within minutes of Time Square and the hop-on hop-off bus tours. The hotel has a very vibrant atmosphere and staff were friendly and helpful. The room was well maintained and reasonably spacious.,4
6672, June 2017,5* Reception but 2* Rooms And The Rudest Lost And Found Staff..Ever.!,"The Row NYC. Don't stay here. The Row hotel has a great looking 5 star reception that tricks you into thinking it’s a great hotel. Don’t be fooled, the rooms a 2 star refurbished 1940’s jokes. My group had numerous issues and changed rooms several times. They had leaking baths, dirty blocked toilets, the list went on. This hotel relies on the huge amount of NYC human traffic where it does not matter if you never come again as there are so many people coming to NYC. The staff on concierge did not help. All they wanted to do was sell me NY excursions and got impatient when I asked for directions...three times. I tried to call the reception several times before arrival. I tried to call concierge, I tried to call front desk…anyone. Each time no one could answer, I was passed from",1
6673, June 2017,ROW NYC Review,"I always enjoy staying at the ROW. It's right between Port Authority and 50th Street subway stations, so it is easy to get around the city. You have a quick access to many of the Broadway theaters, quality restaurants, and fun dessert places.",5
6674, June 2017,Row NYC experience,Was not impressed with the room I was allocated as it contained two single beds and I had booked a superior room with Queen sized beds .when I stated this st reception I was informed it is at the discretion of the hotel how rooms are allocated. If I had known this at the time of booking I would have booked and paid for a room with two single beds.,3
6675, May 2017,Aggressive security staff.,"Okay hotel. Your paying for the location which is fine. But the security staff are really rude, unprofessional and aggressive. Let's the hotel down massively. We were very disappointed by the approach they took.",3
6676, April 2017,Great location,"Perfect location at a great price. Bed was very comfortable. Small room (but hey, it's NYC). AC worked well. Reception area seemed to be overwhelmed with guests the entire time and checkin was a bit slow but overall we enjoyed our stay and would recommend.",5
6677, April 2017,Norwegian Handicap Association in Oslo,Excellent location. Large wheel chair accessoble rooms. Very helpful and always smiling staff. We had a great week in NYC. But 30 USD per room per night in compulsory service charge is really just an additional room charge. And it was a complete surprise to us. Perhaps because we made our reservation thru a Norwegian travel agent who only said there might be a service charge. But a helpful staff cut the charge by one third. Important for a local chapter of a handicap association on a visit to th Big Apple.,5
6678, June 2017,Highly Recommend,"Great place to stay. Within walking distance of the Empire State Building, Times Square, Madison Square Garden, etc. Rooms are clean and service is great. Would highly recommend to anyone wanting a great New York experience.",5
6679, March 2017,GREAT STAY,The traffic sounds concerned me at first but I went nite nite quickly and no sounds woke me up. The location was great very close to all of the sights. The staff was very helpful with our needs. The restaurant had a little bit of everything for everyone.,5
6680, March 2017,Hidden Charges,Beware of the hidden charges for the facilities you will never use. I was shocked to see the additional 200$ charges and only after numerous inquiries I came to know that it was a charge for internet and phone calls( which I never made),1
6681, June 2017,Accommodation NYC,"Row NYC is in a great location. There are subways, buses and all main attractions close by. Rooms do not have fridges or kettles which seems to be the normal in United States so either bring one with you or go to Walmart to purchase one.",4
6682, June 2017,Good location good price,Hotel was nice. Location was prime and the price was fantastic considering the location. Did book through work benefits so that attributed to the price. People were nice. Room was clean. Would stay again,5
6683, May 2017,Great central location,"My wife and I stayed here for three nights whilst visiting Times Square. It is a vibrant, buzzing place with lots of coming and going at all times of the day and night. The rooms are cosy and quite fresh, the downside is that the AC units are quite noisy. Watch the added costs such as the 'services supplement' of over $30 per night in addition to all the other additions and taxes.",3
6684, June 2017,Great location,We stayed on the 28th floor overlooking 44th and the view was incredible. For location to Time Square 100% as it's literary around the corner. A quick walk down 7th and you at the stop for the tour busses and a few steps to Broadway. Just do t expect much space from the rooms as there isn't any but then again who wants to be inside when there is so much happening around you.,4
6685, June 2017,The Row NYC,If you're looking to stay in Times Square with an awesome staff & room view then this is the spot to be! My fiancé & I stayed at the Row twice & we have ZERO complaints!! Excellent excellent hotel!! But don't take my word for it visit yourself u will be satisfied!!!!!!,5
6686, June 2017,Hotel itself & location is 5* however staff let it down massively,Always a queue at check in because the staff are unbelievably slow and unhelpful - but once you're past check in the hotel itself is the perfect base for a trip to NYC you can walk to most places from this hotel!,4
6687, June 2017,Photos on the hotel website don't refleck the real condition of the room.,"Would never stay nor recommend this hotel to anyone. It looked nice on the website but in reality room was beat up, dirty and smelled horribly. ""Deluxe"" view was not what was expected at all! Don't be fooled by photos and description.",1
6688, June 2017,ENJOYABLE STAY,"Very well situated, walking distance to all major attractions and metro. All at an affordable price. The hotel provided us with all standard amenities and more such as water bottles. The WIFI connections was fast. Staff were always pleasant.",5
6689, June 2017,Affordable and good location,"I've stayed at the Row multiple times due to it's location to Broadway shows. It is right in the heart of Broadway so makes it very convenient for theater goers. Also, the food court has great options for a quick bite before a show. The bar makes good drinks, and the staff is friendly.",3
6690, June 2017,Central location,"Rooms pricey and small, but fully expected, being that Time Square and Broadway shows within a short waking distance. Staff was responsive to special requests. Concierge service very helpful with transportation needs.",5
6691, June 2017,fantastic location and attention,"it is a great hotel with one of the best locations, they make everything easy for you. it is a hotel where most things are only U$S 8 uber to get! Personal attention specially from a fantastic Brazilian called Junior!",5
6692, July 2016,Excellent Stay in the Big Apple!,"I Stayed at this hotel in July 2016, for 8 nights. The room we booked was facing the H&M building, with an all-round view of the busy city below, the room was spacious, modern, with everything you could need. The beds were very comfy and the shower was powerful, there could be no complaints with this room The service from the hotel was second to none, no request was too small and when i informed the manager that my grandmother was elderly he upgraded us to a larger room, which was very kind indeed The hotel is in an excellent location, a mere 10/15 minute walk from the beautiful central park, a 5 minute walk to Time Square and the Empire State Building, and the hotel itself is surrounded by restaurants and coffee shops The perfect hotel for the perfect stay, i have visited",5
6693, June 2017,Great location but needs to be cleaner,"Great location but the experience with my friend's mysterious hand swelling that was diagnosed as a staph infection possibly from bed sheets was upsetting. I also had five to six red bumps on my legs, which could be from bed bug bites.",3
6694, June 2017,Slow start but worth it,"Get past the long line to check in, staff warm up and are helpful once you've settled in. Basic room, but who cares it was clean and great location for a great holiday. Business traveler restaurant and bars everywhere.",4
6695, May 2017,Amazing,Very nice room. We got everything we needed. We stayed fot 10 nights and It was cleaned everyday. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. I highly recommend this hotel. We loved it! If i ever returned to new york i definitely would stay there again!,5
6696, June 2017,"Overpriced, small noisy rooms, bad, slow service...","We stayed in 3 hotels in NYC - this was the worst by far! Dont waste your money, basic rooms which were overpriced, slow and unhelpful service. Placed in a room next to the lifts and it was so noisy we asked to be moved - this was met by reluctance and rudeness by the Front Office Manager Patrick. Thank you to the lady on the desk who showed us respect and courtesy where Patrick didn't - I wish I got your name as you deserve to be thanked and recognised by somewhat saving our otherwise very disappointing stay.",1
6697, June 2017,Great NYC experience,"Great location, fab place. Was really busy but the staff did their best. Great Jazz lounge, the Rum House around the corner. Must check it out. Will return for sure given the value. Rewards options were great. You should chose the Buy One Free Bus Grey Line Open Bus offer. Excellent way of seeing NYC although it was darn hot.",5
6698, June 2017,Perfect Location - One night in the theatre district for shows,"I booked the Row NYC because it was right across the street from the Al Hirschfield Theatre and down the street from the Elektra Theatre and I knew there were many restaurants on this street. We checked in around noon on a Saturday and did not have to wait for our room, they checked us in and gave us our room immediately which was a great treat. The room was very small, typical of NYC. But it was clean and comfortable. I thought the bed was great and super comfortable, as were the linens. The bathroom is super tiny even for NYC standards. Honestly, there was barely room to sit on the toilet! But when you're in town to see 3 shows in 2 days, you aren't in your room much! The bathroom was clean and functional. The lobby was very busy with a long line when we check out the",4
6699, June 2017,Great Location,I made a reservation for a queen size bed but was given a room with two twin beds and no compensation. Great location. NIce staff. This hotel charges an additional Resort fee-but has no resort like qualities.,3
6700, June 2017,peerfect location,"Row is just off Times Square. Easy to get to the theaters on foot, as well as Bryant Park. room was clean, and comfy. We visited The Sugar Factory in the hotel daily. Elevator system is brilliant, no long waits for a 28 story building. lots of seating in Lobby, great place overall. would definitely stay agaiin",4
6701, June 2017,Small beds,"Very small room, beds were very small, especially for the price. Two single beds in one room for 330 dollars a night is outrageous. Won't ever stay there again. The window outside was very dirty, looked liked they were never cleaned",3
6702, June 2017,Great hotel - 10th stay,"This hotel is a lot of bang for your buck in a great location! We love the City Kitchen - makes breakfast at ""Dough"" easy. Luke's lobster rolls are the best! The elevator system works well. Thanks for another great stay!",5
6703, June 2017,don't go,"Bad experience ! don't go if you have an other choices !!! the only good point is the area which is really good. For me it is very expensive for what it is ! hope they will understand the word ""services """,2
6704, June 2017,extremely dissapointed,"very dissatisfied with customer service, and experiencing severe back pain due to terrible mattress. Unless you enjoy constant human traffic, inside lobby and even outside the Row I strongly recommend not patronizing the Row at Times Square",1
6705, June 2017,Love ROW!,"Wonderful hotel in the heart of the theater district. Reasonable pricing, wonderful rooms, and great location. Would recommend to families and singles. Hip and exciting yet really easy to manage and a quick walk from bus station and cheap ride from Grand Central.",5
6706, June 2017,NYC Trip,"As always, we have enjoyed our trip to NYC. Our hotel,Row NYC, is where we like to stay. The hotel is convenient to Times Square and many restaurants and attractions. We also like to walk to Central Park.",5
6707, June 2017,"Perfect location, great stay","We were only in town for 48 hours, but The Row was exactly what we needed. Clean and comfortable rooms, attentive staff and a really nice bar. When I had trouble printing out our boarding passes, they did it for me. You cannot beat the location, and we will be staying at The Row anytime we go to NY.",4
6708, June 2017,Average hotel,"The bed was nice and large, but the bathroom could have been more modern, clean and in good condition. Staff was friendly, no issues checking in or out. The location was great, with the subway (E train) being right across the street.",3
6709, June 2017,Good Location clean,Small room but clean comfortable beds they are low to the ground . deluxe with city view was mostly a brick wall and pipes but if you craned your neck you could see another building. Staff friendly courteous. Thank you to the bellman that got me water and ice. Bathroom was small but clean. Shampoo and soap were top shelf. I think the mirror in the bathroom was like in a clothing store where it makes you look thinner. We kept the room cool temperature was easy to control. there is a small food court City Kitchen food was ok . There is a food court across the street that has reasonable food. When your going through the listings of hotels and prices you have to keep in mind there is a $30 dollar service fee per night that is mandatory that is not reflected in the,3
6710, June 2017,"Great location, very very busy hotel","The hotel was crazy busy, check-in took way longer than anticipated. The hotel itself was very nice looking inside and out. The rooms are tiny, but this was our first time in NY so my guess is that is not uncommon. IMPORTANT POINT - This is our only complaint. Our hotel door did not shut when simply letting it go. It would shut 95% of the way, but then you had to pull the handle. Which wasnt an issue for us because we would make sure it closed. But one time room cleaning came and let it shut on its own, and we came back several hours later to find out hotel room door open. I called down and was transferred to 3 different people and then got disconnected. Disappointing considering at that point we just found out and were worried for missing stuff. Never got a call back,",2
6711, June 2017,Everything was perfect,"Thanks for all, everything was nice and confortable, my crew was my family dad 67 years old and my mommy 61; they felts super nice like in home i hope repeat for another family vacation, thanks for all.",5
6712, June 2017,Our trip of a life time,This was a last minute trip to surprise our kids and show them D.C and New York City. I called ahead several days in advance booked two executive suites so we could sleep 2 adults and 2 kids on a pull out that's what the person on the phone taking our reservation told me would be best for our family. We drove 16hr straight to D.C. From Florida got out of our van did a 4 hr private tour got back in the van drove 4hrs to New York to ROW NYC. When I went inside to check us in after 32hr of straight traveling I was told there was a issue with my reservation the manager needed to talk to me. The manager came out and said there's been a mistake you will have 1 of your rooms and our owners room but you will need to move in the morning to other rooms. (Ok where do we leave our luggage,2
6713, June 2017,Poor Experience,"Disappointed and mislead by advertising and site info. Poor cleanliness, SMALL room and uncomfortable beds. Very noisy.Will not be returning to this hotel and will not recommend it. To pay close to 700$USD for a two day stay the value/cost for our family was VERY poor.",2
6714, June 2017,Not happy,Fix the mold issue in the bathroom or whatever gave off that terrible smell. We called to be moved to another room and we were told it wasn't possible. This is a serious concern. You can get very sick from mold. I believe the mold was painted over on the door frame of the bathroom. That was were the stink was most dense.,1
6715, May 2017,"HOTEL VERY CLEAN, STAFF UNPROFESSIONAL",Make sure to read and find out all the fine print and policies before arriving to avoid any surprises. I found the staff to be rather unprofessional when dealing with my issue and another customer's in front of many other guests.,2
6716, June 2017,Beatiful hotel at a great spot!,"I almost do not wish to write about this hotel because I do not wish the secret to get out. One block from Times Square and footsteps from all the major Broadway shows. Pros: Clean, efficient, well staffed. Location, location, location. Great food court. Cons: Limited seating in the food court-not good for large groups, working on the carpet while we were there.",5
6717, May 2017,The lobby is complete mess,"The check-in experience was a nightmare with queues snaking over 20m. I had just got off a 23 hour flight and just wanted to a hot shower and bed. Everyone in the line was unhappy, and the process took close to an hour for me to get through. I realise this was a daily affair happening right in the front lobby for all to see. It was really unsightly to see and walk past every day with school kids on excursions shoving people etc... The lifts are almost all full before noon so expect to wait up to 20 minutes (as I did once) to get to the lobby from your floor. I vocally expressed how ridiculous this was to a chambermaid and she said it's like this every day. Oh, and the door close button in the lifts just don't work, so don't bother. BIG tip to the hotel: If you cannot manage",3
6718, June 2017,New york for the night,"Stayed in the city for one night, at check in the woman i got was a little rude and short with her answers but other than that had a great stay. Location was perfect to get right to the middle of Times Square",4
6719, June 2017,good location,Very good: room size and cleanliness; checkout process was easy; close to subway; close to restaurants and theater; elevators were quick. Nice to have the mini-food court. The lobby area was always loud and crowded with guests.,4
6720, May 2017,Loved it- thanks Paola!!,My fiancé and I went to the row for a three night stay. We didn't originally get the size bed we were expecting due to confusion through booking.com However we got a fabulous upgrade and some help from Paola and we were very happy with our experience! She was very nice. We stayed in a premium city view room and it was very spacious and had an amazing view. Gave it 4 stars due to the fact that the windows in our first room were a little dirty :( which is too bad because it does obstruct your view. Otherwise- great! We would go back and probably will :),4
6721, June 2017,Best Tourist Hotel Ever!,"Perfect location, charming hotel, great customer service, best for the price in almost all of NYC! Can't recommend this hotel highly enough! Can't wait for our next trip so we can book it again! Wow, just wow!",5
6722, June 2017,Average hotel. Excellent location,"Bathrooms definitely need improvements in some rooms. We had two premium rooms, one was fine, but not the other. We booked with a special rate that included hotel fees, and when we arrived, the front desk employee asked me for a credit card to charge me the hotel fees. I showed her my printed confirmation and she said ""Oh, yes, you're right, taxes and fees are included in your rate. It didn't show that on the computer"". The same thing happened with breakfast. Come on, be serious!",3
6723, June 2017,Would Stay Again,"I stayed at the Row in early June. Yes, the rooms are small about the size of a dorm room with little storage. The room was clean, quiet and served its purpose. We had no issues with the elevators and found the housekeeping and maintenance staff very friendly. We saved close to $500 staying at the Row... Enjoyed an extra show with the money we saved.",3
6724, June 2017,Tired but still good value for money,"If your goal is to be well-situated for theater, dining, and main shopping venues, Row is in excellent location. Popular with tourist groups, expect congestion when checking in, waiting for elevators during peak times, etc. Room was clean and straightforward. The hotel overall -- public and private spaces -- is tired. If you don't mind the nicks, stains, etc., and don't look to your room for an island of luxury, Row will definitely be good value for your money.",4
6725, June 2017,Rooms could be cleaner,"The lobby was beautiful. The check in/out process went smoothly. The price and location were perfect. The only problem was the cleanliness of the room. There were splatters of dried something all over the back of the bathroom door, stains on the walls and dirt caked on the light switches.",3
6726, June 2017,My stay at ROW NYC,Great hotel that's conveniently located in Time Square. Definitely recommend to others who visit NY and want to live close by Time SQ or in Manhattan area. Subway station is right across the street and can go to most attractions in NY or transfer to other subway lines. Food court in the hotel offers good variety of foods with reasonable price.,5
6727, June 2017,It gets better,"Don't knock this hotel by the fast past lobby and long line to check in. Once you get over that, its pretty cool, staff become friendlier as the days go on, and its in the heart of everything. And this hotel never sleeps",3
6728, June 2017,Row NYC,My experience was very positive. I got a great rate booking only days before my arrival. The hotel staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. The room was fine but I feel the carpets could use a good deep cleaning.,4
6729, June 2017,All the value none of the hype,"This was our first time staying the Row. We got this room at a great rate, so we were expecting the worst. Specially since it was so close to Time Square. Boy were we pleasantly surprised :) We checked in at 4am and the employee Shantelle was so friendly and welcoming. We were so happy to get such a warm welcome, we were not expecting that! The room was just the right size it was ""small"" in normal hotel room terms but we didn't need any more. The room was clean, the bed was comfy. And kudos to the little souvenir water bottles that was a nice touch. Over all very pleased, won't be my last time there.",5
6730, June 2017,"Hello, Dolly","It's so nice to have back where you belong!!!! Here's my hat---I'm staying where i'm at. Dolly will never go away again. I've been away from the lights of Eight Avenue Hey, look here Dolly-You are the lullaby of Broadway",4
6731, June 2017,Poor service for a 4 star hotel,"Stayed at Row in NY at this time in June 2017. I was waiting for more than 30 minutes to checkin. Total lack of respect. The front desk failed to comply with our instructions and when we went down to talk to the manager he treated us badly and did nothing to help us. Poor service, dirty walk ... I paid a fortune and I regret it a lot. This hotel is not a 4 star hotel at all.",2
6732, May 2017,Lacking good customer service,"I stayed recently for 10 nights, the location is great close to all the theatrical shows and time square. The thing that really puts this place down is the lack of customer service & actual happy smiling staff. Concierge were hopeless, staff members is the bar didnt want to serve you that much too busy talking up and impressing other people and taking forever to check in and waiting to talk to someone. As well as because you're in the heart of time square the noise you can still hear from outside and all the sirens going off etc. This place is more for 'trendy' people I guess who have the patience to wait around all day to be served... in the mean time .... go watch a show! Show will be over and done with before you get any customer service. Great location, crappy customer",2
6733, June 2017,Location is great,"The location of this hotel is great, the inside is always crowded. Waiting for the elevator can be a headache due too all the people inside the lobby. Staff are friendly and at night they ask for id before taking the elevators, which is a good thing. The rooms are too small and not clean enough. Halls are also dirty. I will not choose this hotel again because I can find better room size for the money we paid here.",3
6734, June 2017,A great hotel at a decant price,"Even with a small room we had a great time in this hotel. It was clean, in a good spot but not inside all the noise. Easy to get to and out of and not that expensive. Worth the money and I'd live to go back",5
6735, June 2017,L,I just was disappointed that my wifi wasn't connecting and anytime I called the front desk it was impossible getting ahold of them. The extra charges were not properly explained and I was under the impression that I would give $50 not $100 for a security deposit.,3
6736, June 2017,Explore Manhattan from a Secure Base,"If you're looking for easy access and comfortable walking to/from Mid-town attractions, eateries, shopping and Broadway (on and off) theatre, this is an excellent lodging choice. If you love NYC, you'll be very happy here!",4
6737, June 2017,Not a four star in my opinion,"We had a group of 4 (two couples) in a room with two beds. It was very cramped. Not much room to move about and the bathroom was extremely small (toilet, sink, shower over tub and barely enough room for one person to be in there at one time). Parking was $70 each night!! Ouch!",3
6738, June 2017,Poor service and insects,"Stayed at Row in NY at this time. There was a huge cockroach in the bathroom, we called the front desk to complain, more than an hour passed and no one really cared to help us. Total lack of respect. The front desk failed to comply with our instructions and when we went down to talk to the manager he treated us badly and did nothing to help us. After a long time, to ask numerous times, a maid came to clean the bathroom. A security guard accompanied her and mocked us, asking if there were no cockroaches in Brazil. Poor service, dirty walk ... I paid a fortune and I regret it a lot.",1
6739, May 2017,GREAT CHOICE !,"I have been there twice this year, for vacations and work, was a good choice. is near all, 2 blocks from times square and subways. ROW has many choices to get lunch, breackfast, bar at night, lobby is a little noise ...but is great in general.",5
6740, June 2017,Clean and great location!,"Love how we could literally walk around the corner and go see Phantom and also Anastasia, We were able to wear heels and not have to walk far at all! So many theaters nearby as well as Times Square. Kids love the Shake Shack across the street and we also loved the city kitchen restaurant attached to hotel lobby as it had a variety of food ethnicity and good price. Rooms are small but hey, this is ,NY,. Our room past time was a little bigger. I loved being able to refill our water bottles on our floor with the filtered water and my son loved the large work out room we had to ourselves nearly every time,",4
6741, June 2017,Disappointing,"The arrival was not so good, because I booked a De luxe Room, with Double beds and city view and I was accomodaded in a small Room (536), with twin beds e walls views. I booked the De luxe Room in order to have a confortable room to relax and It was not happened. At the following day I changed the room, but I'm not sure If it is the one I have requested because was similar to other I have stayed last year, which was not a De luxe. But the worst of all this, was the fact of to be accomodated on the horrible Room at the first night. I booked early thinking in not have problems, the room was totally charged on my credit card and when I arrived at the hotel I slept in a Room that i didn' t choose. This experience was frustrating and disappointing.",1
6742, June 2017,Glad I found this place,"Great location, lovely room, helpful staff. I've stayed at this hotel several times when traveling with my brother. While some of the rooms might be on the small side, that is typical for NYC. They are well appointed with comfortable beds, and plenty of pillows. Also worth a mention, the elevators in this establishment are some of the most efficient I have ever encountered anywhere!",4
6743, June 2017,School Trip was Great,It was a great stay. Because it was a school touristy trip we didn't get to stay in the hotel rooms long but when we stayed there it was nice. Everything we need was provided and the beds were super comfy.,4
6744, June 2017,ROW NYC: Broadway and everything theatre!!!,"Our room on the 20th floor had a great view! Although it wasn't enormous, it had everything we needed. Very clean and very comfortable and very affordable! Our check in was quick. We were close to eateries and shopping, too!",5
6745, June 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"Clean and tidy, but very busy hotel, in a prime location in New York near Times Square. Very small rooms and bathroom. No dining room to eat, casual food stations adjoining the hotel. Felt security was good at night to the bedrooms.",3
6746, June 2017,Disappointed in NYC,"We booked Row NYC as part of our trip to celebrate my mother's birthday. We were really disappointed. Our 'superior' room was tiny, there was inadequate storage and the bathroom was dusty. Also, our room was at the rear of the hotel and very noisy. Day and night we were subjected to various air con units making a lot of noise. Our experience of the staff was mixed. Some were really helpful, others were rude and dismissive. Two days' running our room keys failed to work and we were made to feel that it was our fault! We were grateful for our busy sightseeing schedule which meant we didn't spend a great deal of time in our tiny room or in the noisy hotel.",2
6747, June 2017,Terrible,"It was to loud (the windows are not good enough) many other visitors were to loud. The employer at the servie were very unfriendly. It was no ""Superiorroom"" for me. The room was to small and also the bath. So it was to expensiv for such a hotel and such a quality.",1
6748, June 2017,Great location and price for NYC,"would recommend based on safety, price and location. Central, staff is amazing . If you need a place just close enough to Broadway plays and time square this is perfect. I have stayed here several times for these reasons.",5
6749, June 2017,"Avoid, avoid, avoid!","It took half an hour to check in at 10:30 at night. When I asked the gentleman standing at the end of reception if he could help check some people in, he said, ""Can't do. Union rules."" No sorry, no empathy, no help. When I finally reached a receptionist, I asked to speak to the manager -- turned out to be that most unhelpful guy. Room was tiny. Some of the bath hardware was coming loose from the wall. The outlets at the bed stand were intermittently operable. The monitors on two of the three elliptical machines in the gym had no signal. And they have the nerve to charge a $30 ""facilities fee"" in addition to a room charge that was totally outrageous for the value offered, and was supposed to include a collapsible water bottle that was nowhere to be found. Needles to say",1
6750, June 2017,"Great location, great people--rooms need overhaul!","For tourists who want to be in the Threatr district, but not in the heart of Times Square this is a decent choice. The rooms need redoing. If you can get this place on a weekday for under $350.00 a night, go for it. Otherwise stick with Marriott, Hilton properties.",3
6751, June 2017,Great Hotel at a Great Location,The location was just right... in the heart of the theater district and an easy walk to sights and sounds... the staff were helpful and the housekeepers fantastic. I would be happy to stay at the RowNYC next time I'm in town!,5
6752, January 2017,Rather dissappointed,It looks like a sure thing from the outside and what not it's not very people-friendly I would say. Although the room was rather small but it does feel safe and secure. Housekeeping service was superb!,3
6753, June 2017,Only good location,"The location is amazing but the hospitality is very bad We waited for about 40 minutes to check in, and then we got two seperated beds although we booked for one The rooms are very small and you can hear your neibours too good.... The windows are not siled , so it's cold at night and you hear the traffic",3
6754, June 2017,Location! Location! Location!,"If you are in NYC to see a show there is no better location than ROW NYC. A large, impersonal hotel with small, clean rooms. Our room was away from the street noise so we slept well on the platform bed in our small room. Make sure you request a queen size bed in the standard room, if not, you will get a full size bed. No complaints other than price - the cost was high but you pay for location.",3
6755, June 2017,Good Location Value for Money,"Decent hotel just off Times Square really nice interior. Rooms are good we had a deluxe room with a city view. I wouldn't want to go for a lesser room as this wasn't the biggest but had everything you would want from a hotel New York base. Only issue was checking in, it took way to long I'd say 35 minutes as there was a queue and then staff were over helpful.",4
6756, June 2017,"Great location, small rooms","This hotel is located very close to Times Square. There are many restaurants to choose from and many Broadway plays close by. A subway station is just across the street. There was a lot of street noise, but it didn't keep me awake. PROS: efficient elevators, food court attached to hotel, good location, comfortable beds/pillows, free wifi CONS: loud/busy lobby, not relaxing, small rooms/bathrooms (could really use some towel hooks or an extra shelf)",4
6757, June 2017,Not satisfied,I expected much more from this hotel. The worst part was when we got to the floor of the room (it was full of employees and the floor without carpet full of glue and cables) and in the room the bathroom was dirty,3
6758, June 2017,Theatre district stay,"Non-friendly arrival experience from person behind the counter. Subsequently things improved with Great housekeeping. The essence: SMALL, secure, clean and convenient hotel room for 5 day ""theatre-show"" NYC visit.",4
6759, June 2017,"First Time, Last Time","I suggest a change of attitude. Some staff members didn't seem like they cared, others ignored me if I was looking for help. The room had the paint peeling off the walls. In the morning before check out half of the room turned dark. We couldn't watch tv or turn on the lights. Only the bathroom light was working.",3
6760, June 2017,My stay at Row NYC,I enjoy this hotel. The location is phenomenal. Internet service is excellent. Close to every kind of cuisine you could want... Easy to walk everywhere. Upgraded rooms are plenty large enough for a Manhattan hotel. Highly recommend!,4
6761, June 2017,Great place to stay for going to see Broadway shows!,"Our wonderful corner room had lots of natural light and provided a view of Times Square. The breakfast offered good variety and had an efficient set-up. We love the great location as it is close to restaurants, theatre, Times Square, shopping, and the subway. It would be hard to improve on this!",5
6762, June 2017,Close to Times Square,"The only benefit to this hotel is that it is close to Times Square. It is overpriced and the rooms are very old. The walls are paper thin and you will be able to hear everything outside your window. The room is itty bitty. I have paid the same amount of money for bigger, cleaner rooms.",3
6763, June 2017,A lot of money for not much,"This is a fairly standard hotel near Times Square. The bed was comfortable, the room clean, and the bathroom worked. For a four-star hotel charging nearly $400 USD per night (my average over 3 nights), I take such things as standard. There is a good fitness centre on the 3rd floor, and towels are provided. I guess what you are paying for has to be the location, because nothing else about the place impressed me. There was no assistance with my bags upon arriving at the hotel. The photos of the room have been taken with a wide lens camera to deliberately deceive, and for an average of nearly $400 USD per night, the room and the bathroom are very small. An early check in fee of nearly $70 applied, when the vast majority of hotels around the world offer this for free if the",3
6764, May 2017,Great choice for visiting NY,"Row NYC provided an excellent location to explore New York city with most major venues accessible through walking, subway or taxis. The rooms were reasonable and maintained well. It also had onsite eating and drinking options. It represents good value for money.",4
6765, May 2017,nice experience,"to express gratitude to the attention I and my family received on the occasion of our check in at your hotel on May 29th 2017. We are especially grateful Mr. MARCELO DEL COL, whose efficiency greatly contributed to solve our problem making our stay a nice and pleasant one.",5
6766, June 2017,Vacation,"Great location, walk to Time Square or a Broadway show, also subway stop just across the street. The staff was helpful and answered our questions. The city kitchen was a tasty choice of food options. 😀",3
6767, May 2017,Nice hotel in great location,"The hotel is nice, the location is stellar, liked the food market that is attached to the hotel. Room was okay, had a lot of unfinished things ( could see into the wall by the heater, unfinished tiles in the bathroom, carpet not tacked down properly). The walls are very thin, and the head of the beds are situated next to the desks of the next room, so I could hear the conversation of the person sitting at the desk on the phone late at night in the room next to mine. You are basically paying for the location more than anything else.",4
6768, June 2017,NYC stay for an anniversaries celebration.,"The hotel is very central to most of the sites and with in walking distance to the nearest subway which gets you around New York very easily. However I wouldn't describe this hotel as 4star, but it was clean and comfortable but very busy. There is a food mall in this hotel and a decent bar! All the staff were friendly and helpful. A bit pricey for what you get but maybe most New York hotels are similar at that price.",3
6769, June 2017,DON'T GO THERE,"We had the worst experience possible at this place. If you are planning your vacation, prefer places farther away from times square. But never, never stay at this hotel that destroyed our vacation. What happened: Our flight arrived very early in NY, at 6am we entered the country and at around 8am we arrived at the hotel to leave the bags. We passed the reception desk to do the ""pre checkin"", and we were extremely poorly attended to by a very rude lady, who cursed us for using my full name (?!). We took a deep breath, left our bags and went for a walk, booked to arrive at the hotel before 4:00 pm (check-in time) and when we returned to the hotel we were attended by a woman even more rude than the first (I even thought that it would be impossible for anyone to be More coarse).",1
6770, April 2017,New York visit,The Row Hotel was chosen because of the location and cost. We were very happy with our choice considering our cost. It was very close to everything we did while on vacation. The rooms were clean but very very small.,3
6771, June 2017,Loved this hotel! Book through hotel!,"This was my first time in New York, so I did a lot of research to make it a great trip. I found this hotel on hotels.com for a great price, but I went to the hotel's website to check amenities. I found a better price booking with the hotel, because it included many extras. You get to pick three rewards which was nice. They email you the rewards the day before you come. They also have an offer for $1 breakfast, which you should definitely include in your package. The breakfast was set up in the lobby. You could choose a drink, a fruit, and a pastry or oatmeal for $1, which was added to your room. (No cash required. Such show them your voucher each morning for breakfast.)i The barista makes a great latte with a heart made out of the foam on top. Ask for vanilla flavoring and you",5
6772, June 2017,An okay stay,We booked online through Booking.com. We requested an up graded room but the up charge was over double what booking.com advertise. Then they added a ridiculous facilities fee. So my overall feeling is that the hotel is good enough. Location is great. But the nickel and diming once they hook you into a price is something to definitely watch out for.,4
6773, June 2017,Good stay,"Good, small rooms but you are in NYC!!! Probably Next trip I will ask a freezer, because the room had not it and It is important for preserve food. Also the check in and out are owesome, very fast And you dont lose time!!! All by your phone.",4
6774, April 2017,ABSOLUTELY AWFUL EXPERIENCE,"Absolutely appalled at the service received from this hotel. I have sent an email of complaint to 3 Row NYC email addresses and have had no reply (extremely disappointing as one was a direct response to an email from the managing director who wanted to check that our stay had been enjoyable so far)! My guest and I did not have a pleasant experience at the ROW NYC. When we arrived late at night we were assigned an unclean room, with dirty towels, a dirty bathroom, a horrendous noise and no safe present. Despite the issues the hotel was booked and we were told that we were unable to discuss a room change until the next morning, after which we had only got two hours sleep due to the unbearable noise. It were as if we were on a building site. Having been told we were able to",1
6775, June 2017,We had a great time at the Row,"A wonderful surprise.. central, great food, cozy rooms. We arrived for a conference and were happy to find the Row. Big crowds, but we were treated to great service upon our arrival and our stay was comfortable and happy.",5
6776, June 2017,Great location,Fantastic location. Walking distance from Times Square and theaters even for me walking with a cane. Close to shopping and various restaurants and specialty shops. Staff very helpful. Elevators exceptional no waiting and no stopping at a lot of floors.,4
6777, May 2017,Good Experience,"I enjoyed my stay for 3 nights. The double bed room was small but very crisp and clean. The location was great, and the ROW is cheaper than most nearby hotels. The streets were noisy, even from the 15th floor.",4
6778, May 2017,Convenient location,The Row is in the perfect spot....steps from several theatres and close to Times Square. Our room was small but comfortable. The bathroom was tiny. There is a facility fee attached to the cost of the room.,4
6779, June 2017,Birthday in NYC,Mom and daughter trip to NYC. We celebrated our milestone birthdays together. I could not have been happier with our stay at your hotel . My daughter had stayed twice before with you and loved it . The food was awesome as well.,5
6780, June 2017,Location excellent - that's about all!,"Room not as advertised, queue at check in far too long, paper thin walls. Location excellent! Lift is super efficient. Junior at Reception helpful. No towels when we arrived. Used by lots of High school kids, so noisy",2
6781, June 2017,"Average rooms, Great Location!!","Over all satisfactory experience, average stay in NYC The check in took a little more time then usual, but it was due to unusually busy time on a sunday night. The person at the front desk was helpful, and answered all our queries well. Rooms have comfortable beds, but few amenities. Especially no coffee machine, or water bottle provisions. Bathrooms are average sized, and has the necessary utilities. Good spot to stay for 1-2 nights, and especially for singles/couples. Average stay for families.",3
6782, June 2017,NYC let down,"Although this is a great location and offers a great breakfast offer ($1/day), this hotel is in rough shape and needs a really good overhaul. Rooms have been abused and upkeep has not occurred. Shocked at how dilapidated the rooms were.",2
6783, June 2017,Average hotel in great location,"Exellent location, ok facilities, bad amenities. It's just one square to Times Square, close to some subway stations. Not so friendly staff, maybe it's just because in general new yorkers aren't friendly.",3
6784, May 2017,We are always happy with the service here,"Excellent pricing and adequate accommodations for a trip to NYC. Located in Times Square, it is within walking distance of Central Park and midtown activities. The rooms were fine. We were there to see New York, not spend time in the room. That being said, the room was not as cramped as some. All the fixtures worked and it was clean and tidy. The service and check in process is excellent.",4
6785, June 2017,Excellent Stay!,"Excellent Stay! Beds were incredible, Facility was very clean & Staff were very helpful! Would recommend to friends & family for future vacations! Location was perfect & grandchildren loved the Sugar Bakery located directly adjacent to Hotel!",5
6786, May 2017,Excellent hotel.,Great hotel. Lovely place. It was our second time there. We hope there will be a third. It's at two blocks of Times Square. There's always people around at the hotel from every nation. Good service overall.,5
6787, June 2017,Dirtiest and least convenient Hotel in Manhattan,"Literally the place is dirty and the concierge is rude room service doesn't clean hairs everywhere. Rooms are small, its like a teenage hotel who doesn't care about amenities or cleanness. What worse do you want Mr or Mrs Hotel Booker?",1
6788, May 2017,Very Good quality in general,This is a very good quality hotel and is very well located. It has many amenities to easy your stay. The internet is very fast. My family have a very good time there and enjoyed very much the stay. Very nice.,5
6789, June 2017,Perfect place for a theatre weekend.,"Stayed here for a ""splurge"" weekend celebrating birthdays and graduations. Location couldn't have been better for seeing shows and wandering around manhattan. Hotel room was comfy and clean, bar was fabulous and city cafe was perfect for grabbing a bite to eat. Definitely will stay here again and hope by then the Row fixes their terrible checkin line. They understaff the he registration desk apparently assuming guests will use the kiosks - but I did not see anyone use them during my entire stay. They should have one or two staff encourage and help guests use the kiosks.",5
6790, May 2017,Sheets and towel cemetery,"We were a tad worried about staying here within a short distance of Times Square and that worry was confirmed. We've read through some of the poor reviews and understand why some people were less than happy. However, not all was bad, help from from the concierge was great as our transfer taxi was 40 minutes late and he sorted it out for us. The drinks were OK, just OK and at the top of NY prices it has to be said. Our room was adequate, just, although to be said it was basic with few, (no), amenities to bolster it up. The view from our room window was a real problem though, I know you don't have to look out but when we did we were met with a covered area which we presumed was part of the hotel which had dozens of what can only be described as used sheets and towels, God knows",3
6791, May 2017,Definitely an experience,We've only ever stayed in resort type hotels so this was an experience. Has an odd elevator system and the room cleaning service isn't amazing but generally a good stay and good experience. We'd stay there again.,4
6792, June 2017,"Great Hotel, Wrong Location","The hotel was lovely, the staff was terrific and it was right around the corner from the theater that we had show tickets. I took my terminally ill mom to NYC to see her granddaughters and to experience the city before her treatments started. This hotel was perfect because where ever we needed to go it was a $6 cab drive away. Unfortunately, the lobby was often very crowded with rude tourists and the area around the hotel was also very congested and noisy at night. While it was perfect for this stay. I would prefer to stay someplace less congested and off the beaten path.",4
6793, June 2017,"Can't beat ROW NYC, location, location, location","Very easy to get to via the Air Train & E train. I am not experienced with the subway system and I was traveling alone and had no problem at all navigating. From ROW NYC I could walk to everything I was interested in. Plays, restaurants & just soaking up the City vibe.",5
6794, June 2017,Best friends animal adoption event,Right in the heart of times square very affordable..we got a package with parking included awesome price. Walking distance to Broadway shows and anything else you want to do while you're in the Big Apple,5
6795, May 2017,Bed Bugs & Terrible Customer Service,"When I arrived in my room, the hand towels in my bathroom were used, the mirror in the bathroom was smudged, and the walls, drawers, and the paint on the doorways was chipped. After sleeping in the room for one night, I had over 8 bites from bedbugs. When I called to complain, the representative I spoke to said she would transfer me to the manager, but then hung up on me. I then immediately emailed the customer service email address, attaching pictures of the bites. I still have not received any response from the hotel, despite re-sending my email multiple times.",1
6796, June 2017,"Small, but ok","Very small rooms. Saw two cockroaches ; one in bathroom, the other crawled across my arm while in bed. Requested a crib for our infant but it never came. Decent for the location,but not family friendly.",4
6797, June 2017,Beware! You'll be overcharged and unsatified,"Guest services won't help you. You will be neglected. You will be charged an extra $30 a night on top of price for ""hotel services"" even if you never use the gym or other services. You will be unhappy.",1
6798, May 2017,"Not a bad hotel, but heartless owners","I stayed here for 2 nights of a planned 5 night stay as a honeymoon with my new wife, after New York the plan was to go to Mexico for a week and then home. The hotel is fine, average would be a good description, but well located near Times Square. We only stayed for 2 nights because sadly we had a death in the immediate family and needed to get home, this is where I lose some faith in the owners. 3 things spring to mind : Firstly, they take a $100 card swipe when you check in, which is fine and fairly normal. Nearly a month later though they are yet to reverse ours so it's in cyber space. I'm currently dealing with our tour operator and my bank about this. Secondly, we only stayed for 2 nights, when we checked out in a rush we were assured that they would only charge the",1
6799, May 2017,Very comfortable and very accessible.,"The room is clean as well as the bathroom. The beds are comfortable. The internet is working just fine. The hotel is very accessible to resto, shops and theatres. However, the room is too small for a family of 4. 3 persons would be fine but not 4 anymore.",4
6800, May 2017,Fun Weekend,"I was pleased with my visit. I would consider staying here again. A lost Visa card caused my reservation to be cancelled, but they honored the reservation anyway. Rooms very clean. I loved the direct floor elevators",5
6801, May 2017,Good place to store your gear while you explore.,"If you want a place to stow gear while you explore - this is not a bad option. Located on VERY touristy 8th ave. Hotel nothing special but is close to Times Sq - if you are interested in that. Do not expect much of what you would consider standard anywhere else in North America. You are getting small, basic, clean room with a safe. I'd have no problem recommending this location to any first time visitor with plans to spend a considerable time outside of the hotel. I doubt if I would go back - the area was just a bit too busy for me.",3
6802, May 2017,"Great location, average room","I've stayed here several times... Pros: The check in/out process is painless, and you couldn't ask for a better location with this being right in Times Sq. Cons: The rooms are very small, and the hotel is old (relatively new name, but this hotel used to be under another name and only got a small facelift when the name changed). Since it's old, things break. This latest stay, my a/c broke and it was leaking. By the time I got back from my conference, half the rug was soaking wet and the room smelled like a wet smelly old sock. It was almost 11p, and instead of offering me a new room, they sent the maintenance guy to fix the a/c which took 20 minutes, then another guy to vacuum the excess water out of the rug. All this while I held the door wide open since I didn't want to",3
6803, June 2017,Great place to stay while in NYC,"I was very impressed with my room. Very comfortable bed, slept extremely well. Clean bathroom , air conditioning, hairdryer and a safe provided. Kept very clean and was in a brilliant location, very central, near Times Square. I would definitely return to this hotel again.",5
6804, June 2017,"Good price, amazing location","Great food options at City Kitchen and there is a sugar factory in the lobby of the hotel as well. My room was close to the elevator, so it could be noisy sometimes, but that was not an issue at all. Free Wi-Fi was definitely a plus!",5
6805, June 2017,Good location,"Nice hotel. Centrally located to get to many activities. I didnt get the superior room I booked for my teenage son and I. The room was very small with one double bed. Reception is always very busy. Plan to wait in line. Love the elevator system! Barely any wait considering the number of people at the hotel. This hotel charges an extra facility fee that is not an option to pay. Hotel is busy. Maid crew passes vacuum at 8, so dont plan to sleep in.",3
6806, June 2017,Nice place for a tired body!,"See tips below. I will stay here again, but there are negatives such as no room service, a constantly confused front desk, no refrigerator nor microwave in room, the District M bar is way too expensive. Yet...the hotel is SO convenient to sites, Uber, cabs, Metro (subway) etc. The personnel absolute great! Front desk needs some management training. Overall, nothing to really irritate me to hell, just a little frustration. I will stay here again. Maybe the room rates are a bit elevated?",5
6807, May 2017,The world on your doorstep,"The ROW has a great location, around the back of Times Square, close to Hells Kitchen, Port Authority Bus Station, Midtown or Central Park. The City Kitchen Food Hall on the 1st floor, is great for late night eats if you are beat from your travels. Good choice of food & beers & value. Subway is just outside to connect with everywhere. Staff are really friendly and helpful, maybe they are understaffed but they keep cool heads and go above and beyond imo. From the guy at the desk, (who didn't want to take a tip!) to the ladies cleaning the rooms. Good people all. The public area in reception and food halls is really nice, kind of hipster, boutique vibe but the rooms themselves were pretty small though and the bathrooms smaller. Its pretty cramped, even in the double, queen size",4
6808, June 2017,I want my money,I bought a promotion that included breakfast and was charged for It's. they were debited it from my account.I still do not get answers.I want my money back.Before consuming breakfast ask if it was included again and the answer was if it was.,3
6809, May 2017,Excellent service and great location in NYC,"My husband and I stayed here for our 20th wedding anniversary. It is conveniently located right in times square and was very clean (which ranks very high on my priority list).The staff was very nice and accommodating as well as informative. We asked for recommendations and suggestions about different things to do and places to eat and they were very helpful. We will definitely stay here again.If you want to stay in the heart of it all, I highly recommend this hotel!",5
6810, June 2017,"Dirty Bathroom, Overcrowed, Long Waits","This will be my second and final stay at Row NYC. Both times included an overly long wait for check in. There are plenty of stations to do it properly, but only half the staff necessary. Most of all, the bathroom wasn't cleaned (i.e. stranger's hair and dirt about the room), and the staff didn't care. While the decor itself is bad need of updating, the building is stuffed full of foreign tourists who obviously got steered (or suckered) into this hotel. Beware of the $32+ per night service fee that includes things like a charge for Internet and water, whether you want it or not. This is just another kick in the groin. This is an obvious money-mill property for someone or a group of careless investors. AVOID THIS ONE.",1
6811, June 2017,Great location of the city,"The hotel eas right smack in the heart of the city anc was great for what we had in mind. Was cloze to restaurants, transportations and all the fun of the city. The rooms were small that was the only problem we had but was still clean.",5
6812, May 2017,Very pleased,We visited in May 2017 and when I arrived at the airport after checking out I realized I did not have my wedding ring. I remembered leaving it on the nightstand. I immediately called the hotel and spoke to the security department. They were so nice and informed me that housekeeping had turned it in. I was so thankful and appreciate their honesty and their response to returning it to me .,4
6813, June 2017,C+,"The hotel looks and reads better on the website than it delivers in person. Travelling through the lobby was often not dissimilar from being at street level. The lobby and elevators were a going concern with a surprisingly large number of people coming and going and just hanging about. Although staff at the restaurant for breakfast and at the bar were always pleasant, the front desk was woefully understaffed not only at the time of my Friday afternoon check-in but also at other times during the weekend as I bobbed and weaved between the entrance and elevators. As a conequence it really wasn't a very welcoming environment. Far too many people waiting in line for assistance. The hallways on the floors were uncomfortably warm and the air was still. The room itself however, while",3
6814, June 2017,OK Hotel in New York,This hotel rates as a 4 star but does not come close to it. Hotel is close to everything in Time Square but if you are travelling with your girlfriend or partner this is not the place to stay if you want a bit of luxury.,2
6815, May 2017,Not what expected at all,"The rooms are very small, the bathroom is so small you can hardly turn around. The hotel is in need of updating. We had a ""city view"", but the window was so dirty outside you could barely see out of it.",2
6816, June 2017,Not a good hotel.,Zero service. Rooms aren't clean nor cleaned during stay (hair stays in the shower from one day to the other). Smells bad in the rooms. Loud AC units. Ridiculously long check in. Location is ok if you want to bebin tourist area. But the hotel needs serious make over. The carpet is torn and stained in corridors. There is no care in the clients comfort whatsoever. Even my tv was scratched and never replaced. Little sldetails that make a difference between one place and another.,2
6817, June 2017,Hope You Like Line Ups,"This place is always busy and they can not accommodate the amount of people and their luggage that is in their hotel. It took us 45 minutes to check in - and they tried to up-sell us. We had to wait another 30 minutes to check our luggage during our check out because we wanted to explore NYC more. They describe their rooms as 'minimalist' which is an over statement. Much smaller than expected. Queen size bed. We tried to get a kettle in our room and they told us one was on the way. Hours later, it still didnt come and when we called again, they said there was no kettle. The gym is okay. There is some equipment and free weights and lots of cardio machines but it kind of feels like working out in a basement. The elevator situation is crazy - just More line ups to squeeze onto",2
6818, June 2017,Great place to stay,"The hotel was so convenient since we were seeing 2 broadway shows which were just around the corner. Restaurants are also close by and visiting the Time Square area was just up the block. If you're looking for a reasonable hotel in the middle of Broadway, this is the place to stay.",5
6819, May 2017,Disappointed,"Personal were rude, rooms dirty, hallways dark. Atmosphere seemed chaotic - busy, confusing. There was dirty on the toilet, the shower was dirty, the molding was old and sagging. The lady behind the front desk was rude, unfriendly,",1
6820, May 2017,Perfect,Just perfect hotel for visit NY. close to all the attracions you want to see. Safe hotel with personal at the groundfloor who check if you had a roomkey before enter the elevator. Timesqare in a few minutes walk.,5
6821, May 2017,Don't stay here if you want sleep,We stayed here for 2 nights. Our first room was tiny with mould on the ceiling and a dirty towel. The matress on the bed was the real problem. It was unfit for purpose. We were upgraded to a premium room the second night. It was clean without mould but again the mattress was awful. We could not wait to leave this hotel.,1
6822, May 2017,In the middle of the Apple,"Very central which probably is what everyone wants in New york. Ok room, fresh bathroom and is in the middle of everything you want to do, eat or see. That is very good and we did really appreciate the location.",4
6823, May 2017,Evaluation,The hotel was clean however there was no coffee maker in the room and no complimentary coffee in the lobby. I was also not happy at all about paying an extra $60 for the Facilities fee!!! What facility am I paying for???,3
6824, May 2017,"RudeChristina from Reception was rude! We were checking-in as a family so my mother, sister, and I went to Receptionist","Christina(?) from Reception was rude! We were checking-in as a family so my mother, sister, and I went to her counter for checking-in as we were next in line. She asked for our passport and we asked if we have to give ALL of our passports she said yes so we still had to ask from our other family members' passports. We gave first our mother's passport but then got irritated and she said in an unfriendly way that only the person's passport who checked-in was needed. She also asked us if we wanted to be checked-in per person, we should get in line one by one or as a group. We told her we wanted to be checked-in as a group. It's like she she's so annoyed that there there were 3 persons in front of her. Anyway, the most annoying part was we when we were just asking about the",3
6825, May 2017,Roberto Zabaljauregui,"Great hotel, with verte good Service room, and is in and excelente locación in NYC (Midtown, Times Square) near many oferta of food (restaurants, fast food) and is near by port authotity station where ate Many lines of subway and buses.",4
6826, May 2017,Great price and experience,Great price without sacrificing quality. Comfortable space wise for two people (superior room). View overlooked 44th street. Close enough to Times Square to be convenient but not overly loud or bright.,4
6827, June 2017,Bessssst hotel,Good hotel ever.good.I have been to here in July.Very easy to go to times square.Great pleace.The chipest and also the best place.when you wanna to drink and eat somethink also roomsevices are so good.,5
6828, May 2017,Best friends trip at ROW,"Overall a great hotel if you are in the city a lot, it's litteraly around the corner from Times Sq. and there is a Metro around the corner. If you are planning to hang out in your hotel room a lot then you'll need a bigger room, but for our city trip this was perfect. They only need to fix the bathtub. Housekeeping was really good and nice people. The small shop",4
6829, May 2017,Wonderful stay!,"This hotel provided superb service, from Check-in to Check-out. The staff -- Front Desk, Bellman and Housekeepers -- went above and beyond. They were very professional, courteous and helpful. The rooms were very clean and we had a great view of the Hudson River. Their in-house shops have delicious coffee, pastries and desserts. Although we didn't visit it, there is a great food-court attached, too. We highly Recommend Row NYC and will definitely stay there again.",5
6830, May 2017,Marketing material - 10 v. Reality - 6.5,Great location amidst Times Square and the Theatres but my expectation didn't match the reality. Overall the hotel decor was 'tired' and in need of a refurb. If you are just looking for somewhere to sleep with limited floor space and you don't mind squeezing into a shower then this hotel is ideal.,3
6831, May 2017,"Terrible stay, customer service sucks","Receptionists are rude and zero customer service. Long lines on check in, they dont care about customers. Never stay in this hotel it will spoil the entire trip, way too costly for what they provide, stay at your own risk",1
6832, November 2016,Amazing Location,"Great location right near Times Square. Lots of bars, restaurants and places to go a short distance away. Bus stops on the main road for tours around NY, so everything is easily reached. Surrounding streets are noisy but its NY - everywhere is noisy. Slept fine though, the noise is drowned out somewhat in the rooms. Hotel was lovely, modern, clean, although we had 4 people in the same room and it was so squished! When I return to NY I'd definitely stay here again!",5
6833, May 2017,Nice room,"The room was modern and clean, and the location is central in Manhattan. The only laundry available was an option for dry cleaning. The bathroom door didn't close tightly and there was no fan... Internet worked most of the time from the room. We didn't find the $1 breakfast, and paid full price for the food.",4
6834, May 2017,Nice hotel,"Modern type hotel. Close to everything that you want to go see as a tourist such as Time square, MoMA, Central Park etc. The price is cheaper compare to the other hotels around the area. The room is cozy but neatly arranged. The hotel housekeeping was excellent.",5
6835, May 2017,short and sweet,"This hotel definitely a plus for those looking for a chic happening place. It does get crowded and can be loud and noisey at late hours. Close to Theatres, attractions , self sustaining for all meals, the hotel is trendy, but very functional.",5
6836, May 2017,Memorial Day,"Nice clean place to stay and affordably priced. Great location to Times Square & Hell's Kitchen. Although the room & bathroom was small, it was well planned and worked really well. I will definitely stay there again.",5
6837, May 2017,ROW NYC is in the middle of all the is NYC!!,The ROW NYC is an unknown jewel in the middle of bustling Manhattan. It is one of the most classy and trendy places to stay in NYC. The staff is so knowledgeable and speak a multitude of languages. A great staff all the way around!,5
6838, May 2017,Great experience in NYC,"Perfect Location, literally one block from times square. Room was tidy and clean. Good WIFI. Amazing deal considering location and amount paid. Great experience. Easy check in and check out. Really nice food at the first floor bar.",5
6839, May 2017,Excellent Location,"Great room,great location would recommend to my family and friends. Breakfast and good coffee where available in the morning ,along with the mini food court next door for a light meal of snack. And New York never sleeps !!",5
6840, December 2016,Great Location and Good value,"Amazing location, close to everything; tour buses, restaurants, Sugar Daddy, you name it. The room was the prefect size for 2, very clean, nicely decorated, but the staff a bit rude but it's fine. Before booking, ask about the extra charges that will be added for every night you stay that were not previously noted.",4
6841, May 2017,"Great location, exellent value","Always love our time in NYC and the ROW NYC. The staff is wonderful and the location is excellent. The room is just the right size, we had an excellent view of the skyline. The hotel is in the center of everything we like to do and it is easy to walk every where we want to go in the city. From Chelsea to Central Park...",5
6842, May 2017,Super hotel,"Excellent location close to all bus tours and all the major tourist attractions and extremely friendly staff, rooms were clean and had everything you need, great variety of food in the on site food court.",5
6843, May 2017,Decreasing Quality,"Stayed at this hotel over the course of a few years and usually recommend to others. After this past stay, we will most likely not return. The staff was rude and took a coffee break in the middle of checking us in (with a full line behind us). The room was neglected and the door did not shut properly. Overall security was low. A disappointment as this hotel is our normal place to stay in the city due to the easy location from Penn Station and proximity to subway stations and popular areas. Last stay was about 18 months ago and was a pleasant stay with clean rooms and friendly staff. Hopefully management can right the ship.",2
6844, May 2017,Subway station Hotel,"This was our second visit in NYC. This time we got a great deal with Virging Atlantic. The price was included the Hotel too. We were so excited about it. However the Hotel lobby is huge and feels like a ""Subway station"". Lots of people walking by. Up on our arrival was an endless queue and only two member of staff was behind the Reception desk. Not a good service when only one of the staff in the Concierge was standing and do nothing. (Probably all the employee are with Union, they don't care about it enough, and probably they will care more to get good tips). Really BAD! Zejenia was the only one who cared about us and the rest of the Reception did not really make us feel very welcome. TOTALLY BAD! The options for bars and is very limited for such a big hotel. You're a",1
6845, May 2017,"Busy, busy busy","If you are looking to be in the center of the beehive and Times Square activity then this is the hotel for you! Row NYC sits on 8th avenue mere seconds away from the Theatre District, Restaurant Row, and Time Square. Be prepared that the rooms are small, but who comes to NYC to spend time in a hotel room anyways!? The hotel is clean and the staff was helpful. Due to prime location, you should expect lines for check-in and luggage check unless you arrive during off hours. Great hotel for the price!",4
6846, May 2017,Great find!,"Love the location...easy access to metro station, Times Square and most importantly, Brooks AtkinsonTheater to see Sara Bareilles in Waitress! Also walked to Rockefeller Square and St. Patrick's. I will definitely recommend The Row to friends. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that it's not a ""luxury"" resort.",4
6847, May 2017,Near Broadway and Times Square,"If you want to be near Broadway, Times Square, Hells Kitchen, and the subway this hotel is at a great location. Bed was very comfortable (even better than mine at home)! Earplugs were offered to help with street noise (if you're not used to sirens, etc. because those sounds travel even to the higher floors). Could not hear anything from the rooms next to us. Overall, a great hotel for a first visit to Manhattan.",4
6848, May 2017,ROW hotel NY,"The hotel is well situated, nice room, confortable bed, restaurant and bar in the hotel which is good. But the comunication is bad : we waited at the entrance as we thought it was the reception but after 10min we were informed that we first have to go on the 2nd floor a the reception and then come back at the 1st floor to give the luggages... How could we know ??? The staff at the reception never smile, the are really not sympathetic, it is like we bother them ! The windows in the romm were very dirty (room with view...)",3
6849, May 2017,Great place to stay,"I always stay at Row NYC when visiting New York City. It is conveniently located, clean, secure, and a good price, often with breakfast included. The attached food court, City Kitchen, has great food and the hotel is so close to Theatre Row!",5
6850, May 2017,Weekend trip,Hotel was okay. Room was a bit unclean. Floors were dirty and there was a stain on one of the bed sheets. Not too satisfied with the experience. Was hoping for a room that was a bit more spacious since I chose deluxe.,3
6851, May 2017,Row Hotel in New York,Good location and good deal on phone calls but the rooms were very small and basic and expensive through Virgin Holidays. Also terrible queues at check in and check out. Could hear noise in corridors in early hours and in room next door so not necessarily good for sleep.,2
6852, May 2017,Ok,"$281 overpriced for a ""deluxe"" room with a view of hotel pipes and ductwork. Room very clean. Noise from ductwork right outside room 312. Location was awesome for theater anf 5th ave. Perhaps add room service .",3
6853, May 2017,Conveniently located.,Great location in theater district. Near to public transport and parking. Decent room and good value. Staff was friendly enough. My check in process wasn't good it took an hour. Room was clean. Check out was easy.,3
6854, May 2017,Row NYC,"The location was great but service and price were not value for money. Our complaint was not handled well and the reception staff were very rude and were not bothered about helping us. We would not recommend this hotel to our worst enemy as the rooms were small with no room to store yor luggage. The door had been pulled off the wardrobe and a curtain put up in its place, the bath moved when you stood in it for a shower.",3
6855, May 2017,Perfect Location,Great place in the heart of Broadway. Only a few steps to many theaters and restaurants. Reasonable walk to Central Park and plenty of shopping. For the amount of guests this hotel accommodates it stays pretty congested in the lobby.,4
6856, May 2017,The Beds are the Worst I have Ever Slept In,"After standing in a line of 10-12 persons, with only 3, then 2 persons handling two lines of tourists, you get a room where the bed is almost on the floor. Extremely difficult for an 83 year old man to get our of it in the morning. And the bathroom sink has no vanity, only an old-fashioned type washbowl. Staff at the desk is friendly. Kristina was helpful clearing up a mess with a concelled booking not in their computors. Wanted to charge me double at first. Will not return. Good location and easy checkout. Noisy AC.",3
6857, May 2017,Love the RowNYC,We have been coming here for years during the Milford Plaza days and the current NYC days. You cannot beat the combination of great location and reasonable cost!!! And we love meeting all kinds of people from other countries! And the elevators are super!!!!!!,5
6858, May 2017,Perfect location,Had a few recommendations for this hotel. We were going to see Kinky Boots and it was a perfect location for where we needed to go. It was a bit crowded at one point in the lobby but the staff was fabulous!,4
6859, May 2017,Raphael,We had an excellent stay. The only issue we had with our room was the A/C. It was very warm in our room but we called the front desk and they took care of it immediately. Great service but favorite part was our friendly bartender Raphael. Very attentive and fun!,4
6860, May 2017,Good location,"I stayed here for 7 nights and it was good. Rooms were modern in decor and clean. Housekeeping were there every day and helpful. Reception staff in my experience were also helpful and gave us all the information we required. We did use the concierge once to enquire about leaving luggage after checkout, but were told that he can give information on the city etc. as well. There is a restaurant, bar and shop which are part of the hotel however I didn't use these facilities. The rooms are equipped with iron, ironing board, hairdryer, an in room electronic safe and tv and telephone. The hotel is in a good location close to Metro stations. The only complaint I would have is that the room doors are very heavy and some people don't respect others when slamming their doors closed when",4
6861, May 2017,The perfect relation between buget and quality,"The Row is located in the best position ever in New York, specially if you want to be in the heart of the city, just secondly to the Mariott, tough so much more expensive. It one of that rare case you're feeling you're paying more than the right sum for what you get. Specially in New York",5
6862, May 2017,Perfect accommodation and experience for Times Square,"We were upgraded to a room with two double beds when Junior our Guest Service Agent noticed how much luggage we had. After a long flight from Australia this service exceeded all expectations and was the start of great service by all employees of Row NYC. Images on Trip Advisor are true to the hotels appearance. Yes, it is a tad noisy but what else would you expect staying on restaurant row?! The location of Row NYC is perfect for anyone visiting Broadway performances or are seeking to be close to Times Square. I will be staying here again.",5
6863, May 2017,great location for a great price,"it's a nice hotel with a great price for value, nothing exceptional, but nice, clean and with a great location, just a block from Time Square, with easy connections with the metro. Rooms are a little cozy, so be careful at the booking if you need space",4
6864, May 2017,It seems that good service is NOT included in the nightly rate!,"My husband and I were excited to honeymoon in NYC and picked the Row for it's proximity to Times Square. Unfortunately, we came away dissapointed with our experience. Firstly, we had a solid 30 minute wait for check-in.This would not have been that terrible if it appeared as though the staff were committed to processing the (short) queue quickly but instead, there was 4 front desk staff and only one was actually working on checking guests in. There were two others huddled over a computer, talking quietly and giggling and the fourth was arguing with another guests. Immediately off to the side, the concierge staff member stood staring at us with nothing more to do. My husband and I commented that it would be useful to cross-train staff to hop in and assist in these sort of",2
6865, May 2017,Disappointing,We will not return to this hotel despite convenient location. The poor quality/upkeep and disappointing customer service cannot be overlooked. Hotel is overpriced for what you get. Our stay was very disappointing.,2
6866, May 2017,Good,"The best is the location The services are good, people are nice. No need to do a queue for check out. Good price|quality Need improvement: the bathroom could be more clean. It wasn't too bad but could be better.",4
6867, May 2017,pricey but good location,entire hotel looks gloomy. rooms not have enough lighting. it makes you down. my room was not clean enough including bathroom. I was expecting more for that money. Also amenities in the room were poor. My bed quality was terrible .I did not sleep well. again I would expect better from 4 stars hotel. Only good thing is location. The rest not worth it.,2
6868, May 2017,Things to improve on,The beds are very low to the floor and the bathroom is white but they did a horrible time with cleaning it. Bathroom was not cleaned very well at all. The people next door was so loud the say even worst.,3
6869, May 2017,Ny,"Good place. Good rooms. Well located. Elevators are fast. However, mattress had a poor quality what didn't helped my good sleep. I also missed a snall refrigerator in the room to keep beverages. Not bad experience, but they can improve.",4
6870, April 2017,lovely hotel central New York,"lovely hotel, very clean with friendly helpful staff. we stayed for one nght before a cruise, comfortable bed and no noise heard. My husband had left my jewellery box and I didn't discover this until we were on the ship. I rang the hotel and thankfully it was found and we were able to collect it on our return to New York. Would stay here again if in New York.",4
6871, May 2017,Pure Pleasure!,"Lived the hotel & our stay while in NYC for our anniversary... Nice rooms @ an affordable price with a nice view if you choose a room with a view, you get what you pay for! No complaints! Convenient to Times Square as well as Penn Station & plenty of places to shop & dine!",5
6872, May 2017,Great location!,"If you are looking for an excellent service, comfy rooms with all services included, and the best location to visit the most important places in NYC, Row Hotel has your back. If I ever go back to New York, would definitely stay in this hotel again",5
6873, May 2017,All show - NO GO!,"First ever trip to NYC and we eagerly scoured the internet for a good hotel in a good location. The Pound is low at the moment so everywhere is fairly expensive. Row looked good for the money in a great location just off time square. On arrival we were faced with chaos, clearly this is a massive hotel with a lot going going on. We queued to check in and finally got seen by a reception worker who didn't make eye contact once but rattled through a pre ordained script at 100mph. This included the bombshell that there was a facilities charge of $30 per night which hadn't been mentioned by the website or hotel in any correspondence, this is for Wifi, use of the gym (we didn't want to use) and use of landline phones (that we didn't want to use). So essentially $30 per day for WIFI",1
6874, May 2017,"Great localization, bad cleaness","The hotel is located in a great place, just two blocks from Times Square. Otherwise, the check-in line was huge and we took almost one hour to get in the room, wich was not clean, specially the bathroom, that was really dirty. For those who don't like crowd, I don't recommend.",3
6875, May 2017,Excellent,"The staff was great and very helpful, rooms were cleaned everyday and well done location is excellent. Hotel is clean Staff goes way beyond close to everything and security excellent. Cannot rate the food as we did not eat there Was amazed at how comfortable the beds were. I would recommend this hotel to family and friends as I plan on going back I would for sure stay here again.",5
6876, May 2017,HIP AND GREAT LOCATION,Was a nice place. Didn't like that the double beds turned into a single bed. Would like for the rooms to have a mini fridge. Great location. So close to times square. Still would go there again to stay.,5
6877, May 2017,Value for money,"For the price and location, value for money cannot get better than this in Manhattan. Check in can be painfully slow, for a 1400 rooms, there are at max 4 check in counters. Internet speed was good. There is no room service but plenty of food outlets on the avenue",4
6878, May 2017,Avoid,"Incredibly inefficient checkin process. ""Deluxe"" room was tiny and very average. Staff not helpful. Wouldn't recommend. Tourist organised tours. However location is very central. Also they keep on sending me emails despite the fact that I have unsubscribed.",1
6879, May 2017,Good Stay,The location is great for getting around Manhattan. The rooms were cleaned daily and efficiently. It's located in a very busy area (Near the theatres) and large hotel so I wouldn't recommend if for families with little children.,4
6880, May 2017,Bad communication,Bad communication from the hotel staff. Put us in the wrong room and had to go get the proper room. I requested concergie services and they never followed through which was a bummer. Not the best experience with this hotel.,2
6881, March 2017,"Extremely noisy, everything else was fine","We were fine with everything else, but our room was right next to the street. Felt like an earthquake when trucks passed during the night, and there were many, many trucks, firefighter trucks, police cars with horns etc.",3
6882, May 2017,Scandaloso!,"Dear sirs, First of all thank's for the hospitality @ your hotel. Very well located, impressive lobby and s lot of small nice things inside the property. I sent this email twice to your guest relation service... but nobody gave me an answer. As I saw that the GM reply to all the publications... let's see if this time I have an answer. I booked a room, with my friend Deborah . I was located @ 931 room and she was hosted @ 932 room. I thank you for giving us the possibility to stay close one each other. I would like to focus this email (that is not to be taken as a complain email) on some issue that affected my stay @ the row hotel. I booked a standard room as per your website with the following features: Standard Hotel Room in NYC Located throughout our 28 floors, Standard",1
6883, May 2017,Great hotel and perfectly off times square,We went to new York didn't bother much about hotel location etc cos we would be spending very little time in room/hotel. Maids in room every day clean towels and bedding. Great atmosphere in the place. Nice bar and also nice wee grab and go food booths tacos etc. Security are at lifts after 6 at night always ask for room keys before getting to lifts. Only thing that could be improved was check ins as Q was long and after a long day travelling. Took 40 mins to get keys. Very busy and I think it represents new York very well.,5
6884, May 2017,Average stay,"The rooms need a fridge and a good internet connexion, the place is perfect but it's not so clean, the room are small and not super well equiped, the carpets are dirty, so it's good to stay 2-3 night but not more",3
6885, May 2017,Adequate,Originally our room was extremely small and cramped. After discussing with the manager we were reassigned a larger room but it costs us more. We were generally satisfied with the hotel but felt it was expensive for what we got,3
6886, April 2017,Small stuffy rooms,"This is obviously an older hotel. My room was very small, the air conditioner didn't work well unless you set it to 60 degrees, the shower had hair and used soap left over from the people who were there before. The hallways are extremely hot and stuffy as well as dark. I could hear arguing and fighting in the room next to me all hours of the night. We arrived early so we were allowed to leave our luggage (which we thought was nice...not!) apron our return we had to go to the basement to retrieve it on our own. I was shocked to see about 40-50 suit cases stacked on top of mine. I had to dig through the entire stack just to find my suitcase was smashed & damaged. You hardly see any staff except security. The lounge has very good sandwiches but they come at a high price. Just go",2
6887, May 2017,Horrific check in process,"This is our third stay at Row in NYC and again we are disappointed. The hotel is clean that is about the only good thing I can say. We stay here because we are usually coming to celebrate something for my daughter and she picks it. That being said the problems we usually encounter are the same. We typically arrive for a weekend or a quick overnight and wait in the check-in line for an hour. 25 or more people in the check-in line and there are only two people attending to the process. You're a hotel, you would think they would have this down to a science!!! I see this as extremely poor customer service especially when you watch other employees behind the desk appearing to do nothing. We waited the hour to check-in and our room wasn't ready, understandable, it was 11:30",1
6888, May 2017,row,the room and bathroom were very small buy still adequate. the staff was very friendly. the lobby was crowed and the restaurant was adequate for a small quick meal but it did not have very many healthy options,4
6889, May 2017,Won't be staying here again,"Disappointed all around; quality of renovation was poor; poor customer service & lack of security (compared to when I stayed here when it was The Milford Plaza.) Had no contact with staff other than at check in. Previously, there was always security at the elevators, 24hrs; and during that previous visit we had access to a lounge that was always staffed- the staff was friendly and helpful. Nothing this time around, seem to be trying for the ""hip/cool"" vibe and just coming off rude.",3
6890, May 2017,Poor,"I went there with my mum . The hotel has the perfect location , walking distance to Empire State Building and 5 min walk to Times Square .... The outside of the hotel is good and the lobby is modern . The rest of the hotel is very different. It's old and very very small ! A twin room is very small for 2 people the beds are like kids size. It really was uncomfortable ,To don't mention that is all cover in carpet with damp and old smell ,I actually thought it was cigarette smell.... I will not stay in this hotel and I will not recommended . There are better hotels in the same area. And it's not a 4* hotel.",2
6891, May 2017,NYC Vacation,"This hotel is in a great location with reasonable rates and great rooms. It is near all of the theaters and near some of the best restaurants in the city, all of the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Please consider this hotel if you are looking to make your New York trip enjoyable and worry free.",5
6892, April 2017,Stay,needed a place to stay for 1 night before our cruise. Location was great! would stay here again. very nice hotel. rooms were clean. security was good. loved how fast the elevators moved. employees were friendly. let us check in early. definitely would stay there again,5
6893, May 2017,Great experience,"Big experience, nice service, especially Paula in reception!!!! Good location and good food service. You arrive at times square in 5 minutes and other places like central park in 10 minutes!!! Rooms cleaners good",5
6894, May 2017,Mini vacation,The Room smelled like urine. The room was also very Small. We knew the room would be small but the bathroom was very uncomfortable as well. It was very Loud.we were promised a water bottle. No water or reusable water bottle.,3
6895, May 2017,Great Location,Hotel is well located and easy walk to most districts. Rooms are quite small and noisy (outside noise). Great gym with lots of equipment. Hotel staff were friendly. Lots of guests which often meant that the foyer area was crowded. Overall it was a reasonable experience.,3
6896, May 2017,Mediocre,"I don't feel I got the room that I purchased online. The room was supposed to have a view. While it did have a window, the view was to another room across a narrow open core of the building. The room needed a little repair as well. It took me 45 minutes to check in.",3
6897, May 2017,Well located and nice rooms,"In the heart of Times Square and the Theater zone. The room was nice, clean and comfortable. No problem with elevators despite the great number of guests. Good idea with water and ice machines on every floor, Easy acces to internet. Disadvantages? No coffee maker in the rooms and the charge on the card for incidentals which isreleased 7-10 business days after my release. Not fair.",5
6898, May 2017,Great location and services,In the heart of all the theaters and Times Square . Easy access to everything and ver nice staff. Only complaint was elevator noise in my room kept me up all night. Room is small but not in it very much so was not an issue.,5
6899, May 2017,Great Location!,While room was small (to be expected for this area) we were pleased with the cleanliness. Very helpful concierge. Good price for proximity to Times Square. I would certainly stay again. Elevator system very efficient.,5
6900, May 2017,Disappointed by the Row hotel in New York,"I saw the presentation of the hotel in internet and was totally different. The renderings are totally different from what we had... for that price the hotel is disappointing... the rooms are small, poor, ugly... for that price not even a mini bar.... and there was no service at all!!!",2
6901, May 2017,NOT A FIRST CHOICE,To noisy and to busy. Line ups for service and check in are to long. Bad area for a quality experience. The adjacent rooms radiate to much noise. The lobby is jammed and just not big enough for the crowds.,2
6902, May 2017,No refunds allowed if booked through third party,"Third party contacted Row on my behalf but they would not allow me to get any sort of refund, even though I was calling to cancel well over 60 days in advance of travel dates. Due to this, I would not suggest anyone book this hotel, through a third party.",1
6903, May 2017,about Row,"The hotel is central and very convenient if you want to stay in the Time Square area. It's very accessible with a Shake Shack right across the street. I had the cheapest & smallest room, which is ok for a single person but is a little squeezey for 2. The aircon was very noisy and not conducive for light sleepers (bring your ear plugs). Check out was a breeze and concierge was very helpful.",4
6904, May 2017,Lack of Cleanliness in Guest Room Unacceptable,"Upon arrival was mildly disappointed that the Row didn't reflect the cleanliness and ambience inaccurately portrayed online. Was disgusted to find room very dirty - there were blood stains and holes in the bedsheets and the room was overall very dusty and dirty. Our level had a small ledge right outside our windows that was covered in trash that appeared to have been dumped out higher level windows. We will not be recommending, or returning to The Row.",2
6905, May 2017,Great hotel in the city!,Pick this hotel you will not be disappointed! Every thing you want to explore in the city is a short distance away. The staff is amazing! From check in to the cleaning crew to the bell hop every one greets you with a smile and ensures your stay is an enjoyable one. We upgraded to a double bed room with a view of the city street and we were very happy with our choice. Our next trip to NY we will definitely stay here again!,5
6906, May 2017,The Row NYC always exceeds and never disappoints,"The Row is a happening hotel, with the best location in all of Manhattan. It is a convenient launch pad to all that the City has to offer, and its close proximity to theaters, subways and airport transportation saves time, which equals more fun.",5
6907, May 2017,Great hotel!,"Stayed here back in December 2014! Amazing hotel, so close to everything. Room was perfect, abit loud in the room during the night and noisy outside in the street but it's New York City, who needs sleep anyway! ;) 4****",5
6908, April 2017,Check in frustration!!,Waited in line for 2 hours to check in. This was a very frustrating and disappointing start to our trip. The atmosphere of the hotel and room was pretty cool and we did like the location to Times Square.,3
6909, May 2017,Nice budget concious hotel near Times Square,"I was really impressed with the Row. The room was very tiny, but clean and modern with free WiFi. The hotel is in Times Square and near great restaurants in Hell's Kitchen. The rates are very inexpensive for the area. I would stay here again.",4
6910, May 2017,Won't go Back,This is a huge factory like hotel. Rooms are tiny and service is spotty. It appeared that narrow hallways are cleaned only every few days and therefore usually dirty. Restaurant is overpriced for what you get. We won't go back.,3
6911, May 2017,You get what you pay for,"Negatives - Noisy, shower didn't work, bogus ""hidden"" internet charge on check in. Positives - nice staff, location, nice food options in food hall next door. On balance not a bad option as probably won't do better for c$200 a night in NYC.",3
6912, May 2017,My 'Row' Experience,I paid a lot of money for 10 days at the Row Hotel NY. The service can be slow - for example i asked for x 4 more coat hangers and that 5 hours to happen. The Row is packed with people..perhaps this is thd reason for slow service. My majof disapointment was the Concierge Service at the Row. I lost 500AUS dollars through this service. We are from Australia and bought Phantom tickets. The Concierge Christina told us to collect said tickets at 7 pm so we vould get to the show at 7.30 pm. The show actually started at 7 pm. We were 50 minutes late and missed so much!!! Need to go again now!! Watch out for the Row- they can rip you off like they did me!!,1
6913, May 2017,Getting tired,"I wish I had paid a bit more to stay somewhere nicer. If you've never been to NYC before, it's worth knowing that it is an expensive place to stay - so you may feel like you're paying good money for this place but don't expect what you would in other cities. There is no personal feel from the staff - which I'll admit is understandable from a big hotel. It is a great location, and whilst it's tired, it's not a bad place to enjoy NY from, and priced comparatively to the rest of the city.",3
6914, May 2017,Need good customer service from the Reception Staffs,Need good customer service from the Reception Staffs. I really had bad experience. Staff from the reception did not even look at my face. I felt like she asked me why did you come to this Hotel? Location was an excellent. close to Time Square and the Sub way. Lots of fun activities in there.,3
6915, May 2017,Two nights,"Me and my friend ordered this hotel according reviews in internet.We didn't expect something special,we did look for location first and location is great.But the rest touching this hotel wasn't so good.Room very small with two small(twin)bads,was no place for 4 big bags,view from window on big fans.Staff not so friendly,asking for tips.We went out and didn't want room cleaning and noted for this but they got in and cleaned.Never again!",2
6916, May 2017,Weekend visit,"Staff here were friendly and helpful but the room was very small, just a bit bigger than a a backpackers room. Husband had to squeeze round a wall to get into bed, and he's not too large. View of a brick wall from window. Water and ice machines on alternate floors was a good thing although you had to search for them. Good lift service, all 8 of them, while we were there. Clean towels every day. USB socket very slow to charge. very close to Times Square and theatres and restaurants of all sorts and Irish pubs. Good tv sports coverage including English football. Pleasant stay but room was small. You could get free Wi-Fi in lobby, didn't investigate it as not reqd on our short holiday.",3
6917, May 2017,Nice but needs a face lift,"Great location. Friendly staff. The rooms are small but typical New York. I was allowed to check in before 3:00 - noon as a matter of fact. I like the room, but laminate is pealing off of the bench/storage. The front of the heating unit does not fit properly. But all in all, not bad. Good, not excellent, but good.",3
6918, May 2017,Excellent Location,"This hotel scores well for location. Its in the theater district. The rooms are small to very small. You notice this straight away. There is no breakfast included. Forget District M (in house). Its only for coffee and cake, and a few other items. Not a normal breakfast place. City Kitchen next door offers a variety of food and drinks. You are better off going out for breakfast and dinner, its NYC after all. There is a variety of cafes, diners, foodhalls, pubs to choose from in the area. There is a subway on the corner of 8th and 44. You can walk down 45th and you are right in Time Square. Overall, you really dont need a large room as you spend little time in it in anycase.",3
6919, May 2017,Poor service staff,"If you know the service is better somewhere else go there. A lot of them just stood around and did nothing instead of helping customers or speeding up check in or check out lines. The room was small as advertised and expected, but the toilet was extremely hard to use for a 6ft tall person. On a positive note we really liked the elevators, you just type in your floor, it tells you which elevator to get on and you get an express ride straight there. Very fast and convenient and resulted in basically never having to wait more than a few seconds.",3
6920, August 2016,Great location but cramped rooms,"The Row is listed as a 4-star hotel on most websites, but I'd think of it more as a 3-star hotel. Unless you're getting a good price or really love the location, I'd opt for a different hotel. Pros: - Location: perfect for tourists as it's right near Times Square Neutral: - Ambiance: it's a more funky, Euro vibe than some other hotels -- lots of international guests Cons: - The rooms feel cramped and even a bit claustrophobic. I know it's New York, but the rooms are smaller than other New York hotels I've stayed at. - The elevators: the elevator system is beyond annoying and inconvenient. I think they think it's funky and cool but it's just annoying. I spent too much effort trying to deal with something that should be fast and easy.",3
6921, May 2017,Great location ... and that's about it!,"Our stay at ROW consisted of some great times and many opportunities where the hotel can improve. Overall, the hotel is located in a convenient spot close to great shopping, restaurants and theatres. The lobby area is nice and Wi-Fi is amazing. Opportunities for the hotel include service (check-in line was long and concierge service was very poor), bathrooms in the guest room require upgrading (ceiling was falling apart) and hotel staff are not knowledgeable and willing to help.",3
6922, May 2017,Hotel manager was callous and negligent.,"Be courteous enough to let your guest know their reservation was canceled before they show up at the hotel and expect to stay there. It was my first trip to NY and I found myself ""homeless"". It was a very stressful event.",1
6923, May 2017,Lack of communication,"I came down with the stomach flu while in NYC, and though I was only planning on staying one night, I needed to stay an extra in order to heal. I tried calling the main lobby, but was redirected to an office somewhere else. They had me stay on the phone and restate all of my information before telling me that they couldn't figure out what kind of room I was in, so they couldn't renew my room. (Keep in mind at this point of being sick, sitting up was practically unbearable). I was forced to go down to the main lobby and wait in their perpetually-long line before speaking with someone who didn't seem to understand that when you're sick, all you want to do is stay in one place, not haul your luggage to a new room, and not wait four hours for your the new check in time. She made me",2
6924, May 2017,Great experience and walking distance it everything,Everyone was so friendly and helpful. I appreciated that they required a hotel room key to access the elevators. Made me feel more at ease. Everything seemed to be walking distance around time square and the subway is right around the corner.,5
6925, May 2017,Some things to improve,"Best thing: its locations. Problems: when we arrive the conditions of our booking were not the same (breakfast not included), some staff nice and other not that nice, room services not working correctly.",3
6926, May 2017,ROW NYC,"We had a great experience. The location was awesome. The bathroom was a bit small. It could have been more clean, but wasn't too bad. I paid for a premium room with two windows. We got on the 16th floor in the back of the hotel and a queen size bed. There wasn't much of a view, but we weren't in our room much.",4
6927, June 2016,ROW - NYC Hotel - very well situated.,"The Row is very well situated between Times Square and Hell's Kitchen, on 8th Ave between 44th and 45th street. You are on a subway line and within walking distance of Central Park and MoMA. Our room was super clean; no bed-bugs to report. Because we were staying for a week, the management kindly upgraded us to a spacious wheel chair accessible room at no extra cost (some rooms are quite small). Water pressure was adequate, but best of all were the pillows—excellent Pacific Pillow Co. duck and goose down mix firm, and pliable. (we detest spongy, or overstuffed pillows). The mattress was firm and pillow-topped, not at all saggy. Our view was spectacular as we were up high and had a corner with big windows on two sides. Motorized black-out blinds were a bonus. Good fast",4
6928, May 2017,Nice hotel nearby Times Square,"Nice hotel, clean room, large room, room on the 25th floor, nice view Subway and nice breakfast opportunities nearby The airco was very noisy, als you can hear the noise from movement of the elevator.",4
6929, May 2017,** Must read -terrible experience!,"I stayed here for one night with my family. When we got to our room late at night after a long day of sightseeing, all we wanted to do was go to bed. We soon noticed what looked like explosive diarrhea that was missed by the cleaning staff splattered on the bathroom walls from a previous guest. The beds were also very soft and quite lumpy. In short we all slept terribly and decided to book another hotel for the following night. When I went to the lobby to get a refund for the second night, the hotel refused to grant me a refund and told me to call Orbitz and deal with them for a refund. Once I got home I immediately called Orbitz and they told me that the they could not help as the hotel would not authorize the refund. I received the followimg response from Orbitz.ca",1
6930, May 2017,Terrible rooms! Dark n smelly,Improve ur housekeeping! Get ur carpets cleaned! AC serviced... it makes lot of noise n emits smells! Provide kettle with teabagsncoffee bags! With the rate u charge for the room u can well afford it! Ur bell boys r courteous n prompt! But rest of ur stuff was supercilious! Checkin lines were long n tiring! Overall experience was not good!,1
6931, May 2017,Heart of NYC....,"Let's face it, New York hotels are a different beast. You pay a pretty high rate, and the rooms are always small. In any other city, you would be outraged and give the hotel a single star. Yes, Row NYC has small rooms, but it is in the HEART of the city and Times Square. Perfect spot for shows and sights. And ultimately, how much time do you really spend in the room? If you want luxury and deluxe amenities, this isn't the place for you. But the Plaza, Mandarin Oriental, etc. will run $500 more a night than Row NYC. So remember it is NYC, it is a bargain and it is super-convenient. Downside was really shoddy service in the bar at night. Thank goodness the breakfast staff had their act together. So this review is based far more on location, location, location than a",4
6932, May 2017,Convenience at its best!,"This hotel is super convenient and ultrachic! Valet parking is so worth it, and, it's very close to the tunnel as well as the theater district. Great lounge for your nightcap, too! Will definitely stay again!",5
6933, February 2017,Amazing trip to New York made better by ROW NYC,I stayed at ROW NYC 20th-25th February with my mum on a girls trip to New York. As soon as we got to the hotel everyone was very helpful and we didn't have to wait long at all to check in. We got a room with an amazing view of New York on the 26th floor. A very spacious and bright room we felt really comfortable. The hotel is the perfect location just a few blocks away from Times Square and Broadway and an easy walk to Fifth Avenue. Close by is bus stops that we used to visit Battery Park and Statue of Liberty. We had a great experience at ROW NYC and i'm already planning my next trip to go back.,5
6934, May 2017,NY city weekend in May,"Great stay, close to theater and this is the area we were planning on spending most of our time. Was not aware until check out that we could have checked in and out using our phones. Will do this next visit to save standing inline.",4
6935, May 2017,Great place but Getting too expensive,"Before this was the Row, it was the Milford and a very decent place to stay although some of the rooms were dated etc. Once the Row face-lift was completed, its really become a much nicer place to stay and we've come back here many times. However, since even with a promotional offer, this place will set you back quite a bit of money because of all the additional fees and taxes. This time, we noticed the new $30 facilities fee which includes wifi. Really? pay for wi-fi when I dont need it? Throw in the $140 parking fee for a 2 night stay and we are talking serious money. Sorry, but hate to say that we will be looking for an alternative hotel..",3
6936, May 2017,Very displeased,"We were very dissatisfied! From precheck in, to valet, to customer service, it was all very poor. I was on hold for precheck in for over 30 minutes, we had to wait in line for over 30 minutes for our room keys, which could have been avoided if tbe kiosks worked. We couldn't just call our car, we had to wait in line once again instead of easily checking out. It was unfortunate because we had such a great experience the first time we stayed here.",2
6937, May 2017,"Top position, room too small","WE really enjoy our stay at the Row hotel, even thou the standard room was too small and a very noisy. It's really 2 minutes walking from Times Square, 10 mins from Central Park. Highly recommended!!!",4
6938, April 2017,The room was lovely and check in was even better,"After a long flight, we waited in line to check into our room. We were greeted by Junior who was totally amazing. He made us feel welcome and recommended places to eat/places to go near by. It was nice to see and speak to such a friendly guy and to top it off he gave us a room upgrade which was totally unexpected. He made our first stop in the US an amazing one. We had a nice city view with the hudson river in the background. Great location, nice room - clean and tidy. I'll be back!",5
6939, May 2017,We loved our stay!,"Loved that this hotel was right in the heart of NYC. I stayed here over 10 years ago when it was the Milford Plaza and was wondering what changes I would notice upon arrival. I loved the entire experience! The hotel is literally in the heart of all the NYC action, 1 block from Times Square, a couple of blocks from the Port Authority Bus Terminal, tons of restaurants, shops and everything you need for a truly authentic NYC experience!",5
6940, May 2017,bad experience,my worst trip hotel experience! everything is not what I need. the booking.com did offer nice service that caused some trouble. room was tiny small. like a cell. expensive.... it just awful. not what I want!!!,2
6941, January 2017,Amazing time,A lovely hotel with amazing views . The whole hotel was lovely and had a good atmosphere to it. It was central to Times Square and the theatres. I came home engaged so a fantastic time all round. Would defiantly recommend this hotel to others and would stay again myself,5
6942, May 2017,Garbage,I came in with a positive outlook but had my opinion quickly changed due to the overall cleanliness of the room. I would strongly suggest that the manager have a long talk with the staff in regards to maintenance. I thought based on the location it would have been an extremely pleasant experience but I have been thoroughly proven wrong. I will not be a returning customer.,1
6943, May 2017,HORRIBLE,"Entire hotel was dirty, staff unfriendly, the line to check in was ridiculous, rooms were so small & hard to even move in, unexpected expenses, were not able to get a paper copy of our receipt and finally received a copy the next day (uncalled for!) it is impossible to contact anyone at the hotel directly via telephone, still haven't received a call back like I was told I would. I would NEVER recommend this hotel for ANYONE. DIRTY, UNPROFESSIONAL & EXPENSIVE!",1
6944, May 2017,"Friendly Staff, Excellent Location","The entire staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. In addition, there was a security guard on Friday and Saturday night who checked room keys to ensure access to room floors was authorized. A very good feature.",4
6945, January 2017,Cockroach in room!,"Stayed here in January, looks large and fancy when looking in from outside and in the large foyer. Room very small, windows dirty & quite claustrophobic. The biggest cockroach I've ever seen flew from the radiator and we were so freaked out we asked to move. Next room wasn't that great, same really. Bathroom small and not great either. Extremely loud flushing. Could here people all through day and night. Staff on bar unfriendly, could hear them complaining about jobs and talking about gossip and swearing. Staff on front desk did not seem shocked or bothered about cockroach (made us think it's a regular occurrence....!) looks the part but rooms are such a let down. Was included in a cheap package holiday so didn't expect like luxury, but this was extremely basic!",2
6946, March 2017,Beautiful hotel,"Clean , high security , bakery attached to it , bar downstairs. Beautiful rooms , right next door to a Irish pub. Walking distance to time square m m shoppe . Wonderful hotel !!! I give it 5 stars !!!",5
6947, March 2017,would not recomend,Long queues at check in greeted our arrival and were repeated each day of our stay. During check in we were informed of a facilities fee that we would have to pay per room per night of $31.94 US. An extraordinary and blatant rip off unknown to travelers until arrival. Added onto our room rate made this average hotel not worth our hard earned dollars. Concierge desk intermittently manned. Our faulty air conditioner required us to make three separate complaints over three days before it was fixed. Room was very dated with patchy repairs noticeable. I must say the bed was very comfortable one saving grace. Far to much time is spent by check in staff dealing with customer complaints. The facilities fee rip off was the catalyst for this poor review. Do yourself a favor avoid this,2
6948, May 2017,Recomended,"Excellent hotel, in the heart of New York , 8th Avenue. I truely recomend this place, nearby all and itself with plenty of animation and cosmopolit ambience. Should try this marvelous experience first time. You dont regret, surely: staff kindly, all clean !",5
6949, May 2017,Very good place,Hotel is in a great place and although there goes lots of traffic I slept every night very good. Room was clean and air conditioning was super! Staff was very polite and it was very good thing that when we leave the hotel we didn´t have to go to the reception because invoice came to the room earlier.Very easy check-out.,5
6950, May 2017,very noisy,"terribly noise from the air condition system and thin walls. you can hardly sleep lack of confort in the room the rest is fine, there is a cool atmosphere, but totally reduced by the confort. the location is very close to time square.",1
6951, May 2017,Absolutely amazing and comfortable to stay,This place was so comfortable for my fiancé and I to stay and celebrate my birthday weekend. So glad we could stay here for the second time. I plan to keep coming back every time we visit the city. Our friends love it as well.,5
6952, May 2017,"Expensive, old. Hotel says wi fi is free, but you must pay, hotel charges gym no matter ir you use it","Furniture is old, room too small, noisy a/c and you hear other room noise easily. Its not a four stars hotel. Location is great. The only positive feature is near from Times square and underground stations",1
6953, May 2017,1 hour wait to check in.,The check in line took an hour and remained this long for at least 4-5 hours on Friday afternoon/evening. It was horrible and most of the employees did not care or make an effort to apologize or expedite the process.,1
6954, May 2017,"Decent for the price, good location small AVERAGE ROOM","Was OK not great, fine for a night or two. I would come back if only for a night . For another 50 bucks there are better rooms in NYC for sure .great location, clean and comfy. Reminded me of a dorm room in college.",3
6955, May 2017,Unfriendliest staff ever,Hotel rooms very small and outdated. Had a dirty sheet on the bed when arriving. Staff is so unfriendly and not helpful.ladies at reception are rolling with their eyes when guests have questions.concierge did not want to give directions for public transport but told us to use the computers,1
6956, May 2017,My sTAY,"The hotel was busy with guest, yet still accommodating and enjoyable, the food areas and bar were quite accommodating, I was given a voucher for two free drinks and it was my birthday and so it was just great!",5
6957, May 2017,A Happy surprise,"I stayed here last weekend with a friend for 2 nights. It is a cool hotel, great energy in the lobby and VÉRY convenient to theaters! The room, though small was clean and quiet though it could use an update. I felt safe here and they even have a 24 convenience store on the premises. The bar was fun and there were eating options connected to the building. This was overall a great find at a fair price. Highly recommend. Can't give it excellent as the rooms could use an update.",4
6958, May 2017,Never go this hotel .,Never go this hotel .Excess amenities fee charged.Extremely small rooms and unfriendly staff. Had to wait over an hour to check in.No one greeted . There was insufficient seating for the guests to wait in the lobby.,1
6959, May 2017,Place went down the hill,"Stayed at the place at least once every year for a number of years. Quality and service has declined. Was there at the end of April, entire floor smelled of cigarette smoke. May 19th was a two day stay. Paid a little extra for a ""deluxe room view""- turns out ""deluxe view"" is a brick wall and water tanks. Went downstairs because was hanged up on by front desk after waiting on hold for 15 minutes. Asked concierge to change the room was told with attitude that it was not her job and to get in line (waited for 30 minutes first time to be checked in) to change the room. Manager (the only cordial person in the entire place) took care of it when I demanded to speak to one. Room was not cleaned after day one, fine, called front desk and asked for fresh towels, did not receive.",1
6960, April 2017,A Large Boutique Hotel.,"The Row is a bustling hotel with a boutique hotel feel. The reception was lively and professional. I love the efficient bank of elevators, guests punch a keypad with their floor number and a computer tells you which elevator to take. Our room was very comfortable and contemporary with a New York theme. The Row is only a block from Times Square on busy 8th Ave yet excellent windows kept the room quiet. We had lunch at the city kitchen which is a food market attached to the hotel. My husband had the lobster roll which he raved about, I ate a Korean wrap which was also delicious. I highly recommend the City Kitchen, unbeatable combination of excellent price, quality and variety of food.",5
6961, May 2017,Terrible experience - never again,"This hotel is extremely disappointing. They cheat customers by hiding charges not shown through booking.com. No cohesive explanations. Long queues at reception to check in crowded, very noisy, very poor customer service. Overall awful experience",1
6962, May 2017,Great option,Great location off Times Square. Helpful and friendly staff interactions. Lots of character- had great corner room with two unobstructed views. Lobby bar was active and entertaining. Would definitely recommend and return.,5
6963, May 2017,Not worth it,"Small rooms, sheets had a weird smell, noise from other rooms every night. Rude staff, won't ever stay here again. My wife asked for a sheet change as they were smelly and the housekeeper gave her an attitude about it.",2
6964, May 2017,Our stay in New York,"We were greeted by friendly people and it just got better.... the young man who bought our bags to the room could not have been more helpful.... as we were not flying out until the evening the hotel stored our bags for us and even took them to the shuttle bus for us, other hotel could learn from this level of service...thank you guys very much..... first rate",5
6965, May 2017,Very good location and very high price,"The ratio Quality / Price is poor otherwise Price / Quality is very high. My wife and me, were 10 days in the hotel and we saw all the ceilings are all painted in black and the sensation is macabre. We think those ceilings painted in white or light colours will change that perception.",3
6966, May 2017,First time visit to the City,This was a trip I scheduled with my daughter. It was the first time either of us have been to NYC...We were very happy with the Row. The location was great and the staff were helpful and friendly. We were able to navigate to all of the places we wanted to visit with ease.,5
6967, May 2017,very noisy room,very noisy room ( 924). They have a air conditioning in the roof and the noise was terrible although was a interior room. the bar's staff was not very kind. We have to wait a lot. the room was very small.,2
6968, May 2017,Excellent!,"Hosting some friends from abroad this weekend. Stopped into The Row on Sunday early evening, at their lounge District M. Our server Lili was actually the only one for the whole space aside from the bartender and support staff- but regardless the whole time we were there she was warm, friendly, had great energy and was so funny. My friends are leaving with great memories and wonderful service and I will definitely be returning.",5
6969, May 2017,I FELT LIKE THEY UNDERCHARGED ME,"Walking into the hotel to check in was exceptional. I felt like I was staying in a $1,000 hotel. I felt like I way underpaid. Overall my experience was phenomenal and check-in and check-out was painless.",4
6970, May 2017,Good but rooms should be cleaner,Very nice location and nice places to eat in the hotel and around. Elevators system very convenient. Nice bar but drinks not sooo good. Housekeeping should be improved. Whole ambient very nice. People from all ages but with a young spirit como in. Live music in bar so nice,4
6971, May 2017,Trip May2017,Great location. Fancy internal decoration. It is a little bit inconvenient with large luggage that there is the reception on the second floor and we can take elevators or stairs. The room is tiny but clean and I love the amenities with lemon scent.,5
6972, May 2017,More improvement,"Is a very nice hotels, great a staff, just only need improve their check in counter adding more staff. Was amazing wait more than hour and half there!, the rest was ok, the only other complain was the concierge , he didn't give to me any help with the area package delivery, the only person help us all the time was the PEROSN who works at the KIOSK/Store!",3
6973, May 2017,Good choice for location and price only,"I would recommend this hotel only for its location and price. Other than that, it's same as other hotel in NYC. I stayed here two times already, but maybe my third will be another hotel. The city kitchen is great setup which gives you more choice for food, very convenient.",3
6974, May 2017,What a disappointment!,"Upon arriving to the Row the doormen were great, but that is where our experience became unpleasurable. The reservation staff were not helpful and just wanted to get people in and out as quick as possible. We we given a bigger room but could not put up with the old airconditioning unit that sounded like a jet engine so they put us in another room only to discover it had not been cleaned and sheets were used with crumbs in them. Once again moved to a tiny corner room that you couldn't even sit on the toilet straight, it was so small and not cleaned very well. By this stage we knew it wasn't going to get any better and just stayed out of the room as much as possible and didn't use the airconditioning, the outside noise was preferable to the noise of the aircon. Wifi didn't work",2
6975, May 2017,3 Strikes and you're ...,"This hotel is very well located -only a few steps from Times Square ,elevator access was good despite a full hotel and was aided by a good elevator floor selector. Our room was small but had everything we needed and the bed was excellent. We did not believe the collapsible bottles provided compensated for bottles of water in room. Unfortunately our room was beside the elevators and down a very narrow hallway. The elevator machine room was two doors away and the noise interrupted our sleep. This hotel maybe more for younger people than us.Price included free phone calls but the phone did not work.",3
6976, May 2017,"Noisy rooms, good location","The noise level in the room was very difficult. Sleeping without earplugs was not possible. The room size is and overall cleanliness is ok. Staff is really nice, friendly, and helpful. The location at Times Square is excellent to enjoy the area, however it is really busy.",3
6977, May 2017,Row NYC,"The hotel was convenient to the Theatre district and Times Square. The cost was reasonable, rooms clean, and most of all, meeting Junior! He was energetic, welcoming and more than happy to give you a map of the area and explain the best ways to travel! He is Pricessless!",5
6978, May 2017,Sounded like a jet engine outside my room,"The room was clean and nice, but there was a loud roar 24 hours outside my window, sounded like an exhaust or cooling tower. It was so loud I couldn't take phone calls in the room and needed to go into the hallway to hear. I complained and was told that they would take money off my bill by reversing one of the service fees, but they never reversed the cost that they promised. Stay away from room 1620 if you stay at this hotel, as it will destroy your stay in that awesome city.",2
6979, December 2016,"Location, Location, Location.","Stayed here for the 2nd time back in December 2016 (first time was October 2015.) We were going to NYC the week before Christmas (Dec.16- Dec. 20) to see how Christmas was done in the Big Apple. We got to the hotel to check-in at around 4pm after a long flight from Dublin and there was an awfully long queue that did not seem to be moving. After eventually getting to the top of the queue, we were told by the receptionist helping us that they did not have any record of our reservation. After having a mini heart attack and imagining spending the 4 nights on the streets of Broadway, we finally got around to sorting out the issue. I book most of my hotels with Hotels.com as they have the 'book now, pay later' option and the reason I like this is that it gives you the freedom to",3
6980, May 2017,Excellent location,Perfect location to theatres. Plenty of restaurants in area. Subway stop right next door. Great atmosphere in hotel lobby. Doormen were friendly and helpful! Room small but Clean. Will stay again for sure!!,5
6981, May 2017,Highly overrated,"1) very late check in. A person at the reception said early check in could not be provided as the room is not ready yet. But 4 pm!!! 2) long queues at the reception. I had to take the line twice at the arrival (1 pm) and at the checkin (5.30 pm)., although at the second time I already had a room number assigned. Automatic key machines were out of order. I nearly missed an important meeting. 3) There were someone else's nickers hanging in the bathroom and someone's hair at the bathroom wall!!! Half of electric plugs in the room were seemingly out of order and it took me quite an effort to plug in an iron. As I was in a hurry to change for the meeting I just didn't have time to report all that. 4) late checkout - just 1 hour extra for 100 usd - really? Are you serious??? 5)",2
6982, May 2017,Nice location but noise vent,Good location and nice lobby. Rooms are average in size and style. But the noise from the vent was extremely high and when you turnd one the ac it got even worse. But nice staff in lobby and entrance.,3
6983, May 2017,Not recommended,"To whom it may concern, We booked into this hotel for its location and the appearance of having modern and clean rooms. And we were right, but there were other unexpected problems. The first one was that our room had a window to the outside located a few centimeters of a huge machine of conditioning of the building that emitted a noise that with the closed window was very high, causing that we rested very badly. The second is that when we asked for a room change they did not offer us another because of lack of availability in a huge hotel, and when they could not make it, they offered a morning coffee in compensation, ridiculous. We also asked for a converter for the our European plug and they sent us to the store to buy it, they never lent us one, which is the usual. I do not",1
6984, March 2017,Great hotel!,Great location! The quality of the services and staff is great. I do not try the beverage and food. The size of the room is good especially for the location. I found that it's very quiet even for a hotel near Time square.,4
6985, May 2017,Let down by overall management,"The staff operates like a budget hotel (less friendly attitude, empty water pouches in room instead of bottles, etc) but the room tarriff is anything but. Also, there is a $30 fee collected at the time of check in on hotel facilities which you cannot opt out. Don't think it was mentioned at the time of booking.",2
6986, April 2017,Perfect Experience for two travellers,"We went for 6 days in NYC this year and stayed at the Row. It was our first time in the city, being situated so close to Times Square and Broadway, it made it convenient and easy to get from place to place on foot! It was clean, friendly and I would highly recommend it. I haven't ever wanted to stay again at a hotel but I would stay again and again at the Row. We were two travellers, in our early 20s and stayed in a double room with two twin beds and it was the perfect size for the two of us. The Kitchen down in the lobby with different types of take out(like sushi) was perfect to grab and go for the night if we didn't have anything planned or even a late night snack. Awesome stay and experience. I say two travellers as trying to have a huge group would be difficult to",5
6987, July 2016,"Good location, average services and facilities!!!","My wife and I chose this hotel because of its centric location, but that was it!!! We were supposed to be upgraded to one of their best rooms thanks to AMEX PLAT, but I'm uncertain if that really happened!!! The first room they gave us was dirty and I need to say that they offered us a new one in no time, that was good resolution, but still not a good first impression!!! A good thing was having the water fountains in some floors and the pouches to be filled with, but the aisles are dark and dirty, not good at all!!! The Concierge was useless!!! It's a third party, but still representing ROW, I tried to arrange a few things in advance, including our anniversary day, nothing happened neither remotely or once there, horrible!!! Definitely it's a good option if you want to be",3
6988, May 2017,Disappointed,"I am very disappointed with the hotel. I have been em NYC before and I had a better stay for lower rates . The room is not so clean as it should be ( I booked a premium room!!), the front desk man was not so good with us, very few amenities , Long lines for check in. I asked previously about the charges of storing packages , and the answer was Completely different that the amount charged. I would never recommend this hotel . Thank you Giuliano",1
6989, May 2017,Great location,"If you are a theatre goer the location is fantastic. I have been coming here for three years to see shows for a week. Rooms on the smaller size and quite IKEA in design but serviceable. Our room felt poorly maintained with blinds not working properly, iron burn on the carpet and an a/c unit which struggled to keep the room cool on a 90 degree day.",3
6990, May 2017,Cool modern hotel but the bathroom was not cleaned yet and the cleaners were rude to my parents,"The bathroom had pee in the toilet and the tub was filthy. The rooms were tiny but clean. The cleaners did not know checkout time and came to the door at 9am and demanded to know when we were leaving. We said 12pm because that's what the front desk told us checkout time was and that's what the paperwork said. The cleaner responded with ""check the back of your door!"" And stormed off. The back of the door said 11am. Very rude and my personal opinion is that guests shouldn't be disturbed the morning of checkout. It was a very busy weekend for them so they were in a rush to get people checked out but they shouldn't sacrifice the experience of their current guests for it.",3
6991, May 2017,Rating,Rooms were not ready in time. Front desk staff never followed up with several complaints from several people. I came down to front desk and asked to be moved. Would not allow me to move rooms so I did not sleep all night!! I've stayed at the row over 10 times and will not be staying there again.,1
6992, May 2017,my visit to new york,Hotel location was very good. Rooms looked like it could be spruced up a bit. Did not like the washroom door being a sliding door with no lock. No fridge in the room. Liked that Times square was within walking distance.,3
6993, May 2017,Horrible Experience...single female travelers avoid,"I booked through a third party booking site and as I was arriving to the city around 1130pm, I called that morning and spoke directly to the hotel to confirm my room. They offer a pre-check in, so they let me know that my room was room 1428 and I had a text with and and email confirmation. Booking.com contacted me at 945 to say I needed to update my credit card (they had an old one), so I went onto their site, updated it and recieved confirmation of the update and of my reservation. At 1140, I tried to use the QVR code machine which was supposed to shoot out my room key. It didnt work so I went to the check in line and was greeted by a receptionist who couldnt find my reservation and asked if. I showed my room number and my confirmation emails. They said they didnt have",1
6994, May 2017,Phantastic Time in 'Big Apple'! We enjoyed 5 great days in New York City! We can really recommend the Row,"Plenty of bars, restaurants and shows in walking distance. Even at lunch time, when most of the guests arrived, the check-in went very quick. Staff is very friendly! Good starting point to see lots of places!",4
6995, November 2016,Great Location,"Row NYC is wonderfully located in Midtown Manhattan, very close to Times Square and the theatre district. Rooms are clean and uniquely decorated - some people might find the decor a bit garish, but I thought it was fun. Row NYC is only five minutes walk from Times Square and maybe ten minutes from most of the Broadway theatres. If you want to go further afield, the PABT subway is just down the street. There is a bar in the lobby but no restaurant, as such. Instead, they have what they describe as an 'indoor food market' which consists of several small vendors offering everything from Japanese food to Bagels. Unfortunately, none of them had much in the way of gluten free food, so I had to go elsewhere and fend for myself. The desk staff were helpful at check in and check out but",4
6996, May 2017,Row NYC Hotel Review,"Be prepared for small beds if you're a tall person. Otherwise if you're not in New York for a posh hotel this hotel will do in a pinch. Location was perfect. Rooms were clean and neat. A/C worked perfectly. I probably would've liked it better had I upgraded to a room with a view. They give you that option after you book your room, I'll take advantage of it next time.",4
6997, May 2017,One overnight stay is ok,"Very old, small and dirty. The aircondition is so noisy. You can't sleep with it. Please take out these old carpets. It is a dark feeling when you come into the room. Personal was nice and helpful. The elevator has a good working system. Fast and efficient.",3
6998, May 2017,"Small rooms, poor breakfast, impersonal...","When we arriced, we had to do a 30 min line because there where just 2 receptionist for a ton of people, went to a ""luxury Suite"" and it was really small. On the third night the bath broke and all my stuff got wet, had to change rooms, to do so we had to do the 30 min line all again. No one helped moving our stuff or nothing. The breakfast is as poor as it gets DO NOT PAY FOR IT...",1
6999, May 2017,Family,"Clean rooms and very good customer service. This hotel is in a good location within the city. Easy access to the shopping areas, subway or buses. I would definitely stay again and recommend this hotel to others.",4
7000, May 2017,It was alright......,"Hotel was OK. A bit worn in places, (carpet in hallways was frayed and stained). Relatively clean but but well clean, the door to my bathroom was covered in splashmarks. Bar was nice, didn't eat in restaurant. Staff were generally polite, reception staff apart... The main problem I had with this hotel was the $136 charge for amenities, whether you used them or not. This included wifi, hotel gym. Who charges for wifi use these days?! Especially when it was down for over 24 hours and I was charged for wifi I was unable to use! It was just...average... I'm sure there are far better hotels in New York for the price.",3
7001, May 2017,BAD EXPERIENCE,"Me and my Family stayed there a year ago, that gave me the confidence to book on line for the same one, however my request and choice of room was declined when checking in ! The guy who (helped) me was extremely rude and gave me the smallest rooms in the hotel ! After spending $ 1,500.00 for 2 night for 2 rooms, I feel mega disappointing and never ever going to stay there again and I won't send no one there any more. Good thing that we spend most of the time out of the hotel.",1
7002, May 2017,Nice Hotel,"Good location, in the heart of everything. We were right by Time square and lots of stores to shop and great food to eat. In walking distant of shows, theater, Cabs everywhere. Although they can not drive very well.",5
7003, May 2017,Great Location in Times Square,"This hotel is in a great location for most things, close to the subway for travel elsewhere in New Youk, great eating places nearby, and theatres, (we managed to see two shows), rode the hop on hop off buses, breakfasts good and the beds were very comfortable.",4
7004, May 2017,Terrible,"We stayed in the The Row for one night only, but our experience there with the staff while checking in was terrible. The line went across the entire lobby with only 3 people working behind the desks, and they offered limited seating- very insensitive to our 80-year-old grandmother who needed a seat, but did not have one during the hour and a half we had to stand in line. We will never be staying here again.",1
7005, May 2017,Not enough Bell Staff,"Room was OK but level of service from bell staff was terrible, both checking in and checking out. Ned more bellmen and better doormen. We called several times for a bellman to check us out and either no one answered or they answered and said they were coming but did not.",2
7006, May 2017,Great Staff,"If it wasn't for the staff being friendly and professional, I would not be at all satisfied with my experience at this establishment. The room was very small and the wallpaper was peeling in the bathroom.",3
7007, May 2017,Great little room. Great comfy bed.,"This was a great place, that met my company's very strict cost guidelines and had among the most comfy beds I have seen. My back actually felt better after I checked out. It was very convenient to anything and everything in Times Square.",5
7008, February 2017,Great central location,My husband booked us a trip to NYC for our first anniversary and we stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel was nice and modern. The bed was comfortable and the rooms were warm (thankfully as it was snowing outside!). Easy to walk to Time Square and also a lot of attractions. Great hotel.,4
7009, May 2017,DON'T 😔,"Not a good experience at all! Upon arrival, we were placed in the wrong room. When we complained, we had to wait an hour for assistance. Their excuse was that all the rooms are the same and it didn't matter where you were placed. Really? After explaining to the receptionist that their website clearly shows different rooms in different categories with different prices they had no choice but to move us. The new room was still a disappointment. Both rooms were dingy and small and the first smelled unpleasant. The bathrooms are outdated. The entrance and waiting areas are deceiving as well as the online photos. The entrance looks very high class and the rooms look bigger but the rooms are actually small and remind me of a college dorm.",1
7010, May 2017,Row NYC,"Location of the hotel is great and it was easy for me to walk to Times Square any time day or night. Very close to the bus terminal. I loved it. However, the cleanness of the room was not 100 percent. Did change a room due to the cycling coming down in the bathroom.",4
7011, May 2017,Ok,Lobby and bar are nice. Rooms are small and basic with thin walls! Bathrooms are tiny but all in all for the location it is decent value for money! Bed was firm but comfortable. Check in and check out was drama free!,3
7012, May 2017,Good Typical NYC Hotel,"This hotel is located right near Times Square and super close to the Metro. This place charges a resort fee like Vegas so they can comp these fees if something goes wrong. We stayed for 7 nights and on arrival they didn't have our room so they comped us 3 nights of the resort fee, then the WiFi broke so they removed that as well for a night. Our first room was one with two double beds and it was quite large with extra floor space around the beds, we were then moved to the room we had paid for and we felt quite cramped after the large room on the first night. We had paid extra to stay in the deluxe city view room and I am glad we did; because the room was tiny with 160 sq ft with a small bed (smallest room I have stayed in across the world but typical of any huge expensive city).",4
7013, May 2017,Row NYC,Loved hotel...loved 12:00 check out..didnt love maids pounding on door at 8:00 am and twice after hanging do not disturb sign. They even opened the door at one point. I get they have a job to do but I paid for this room and 8:00am is a little early...like 4 hrs early,3
7014, May 2017,Service was a disaster,"Check in took 1.5 hours. Staff was no concerned and didn't not attempt to expedite or compensate for delay. Paid for premium room with queen, got basic with a full, staff didn't care. Reception was so busy it was not possible to talk to anyone past concierge without wasting a significant more amount of time. Also while waiting to check on management pulled some modes out of line and took care of them before the rest of us for some reason, so there was that. Otherwise decent location and nice property but stay away, hotel is too busy and service is a mess.",2
7015, May 2017,It was an amazing trip and stay ..!,No description needed overall it was an amazing experience and beautiful location ..! And I wish they keep running like this only and keep it up and keep upgrading your system and keep shining ..! Thumps up ..!,5
7016, May 2017,Central Park excursion,"The hotel is reasonably priced, and very close to theaters and Times Square. A short walk to Central Park and 5th Avenue shopping. I paid an extra $10 per night for a better view, which was okay, but nothing spectacular.",4
7017, May 2017,What a treat,"Not only did we get into a room a couple hours early, the staff went above and beyond every step of the way to be friendly and hospitable. City Kitchen was incredible- so convenient to run down for coffee and DOUGH, which we shared with some friendly locals overlooking 8th Ave; the Brussels Sprouts from ililly were an interesting and ridiculous treat; sushi fresh and delicious.",5
7018, May 2017,NYC at your feet !,"In NYC at least twice a month …. My GO TO hotel….ROW NYC….Located in the Broadway Theater District and within 1 block walk of Times Square, and across 8th Ave from one of the hottest neighborhoods in NYC …Hell’s Kitchen. This Hip, hotel features a bar/lounge, fitness center, concierge service, a business center, hair salon and a fantastic Food Court called The City Kitchen, adjunct to the lobby. Clean, sleek rooms, roomy (to NYC standards) Great price point, especially being in the center of everything NYC. Hospitable, Service Minded, Friendly Staff…………………….You can’t go wrong with a stay here.",5
7019, May 2017,Rudeness is the norm at this hotel,"My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon last minute as we got let down at another place. The staff are rude and unhelpful, we got double charged for our room. I told reception on checking in that I had already paid and showed my confirmation number and they told me I wouldn't be charged but I get home and they have taken the money. Contacted the billing department and asked for a refund and a customer care point of contact so I could complain, I received an email with just my bill attached no message nothing. No apology, no sorry, no good afternoon nothing. We also asked not to pay the surcharge for the room to be told it's compulsory to be charged over a years cost for internet (for 5 days) and water, which by the way isn't on every floor and being in a busy hotel you",2
7020, May 2017,Terrible experience!,"Don't give security, don't give blankets, don't have a decent attention , don't provide pillowswe ask and charge more than they offer! The only person that after days give us a nice attention is MISS YANOLY DE LA CRUZ.",1
7021, May 2017,Room reaks of Mold,"I checked in late at night, and the room I stayed in reaked of mold. After two hours of trying to ""just deal with it "" I was starting to feel nauseated from the smell. I called the desk ( and let me mention this is the one time during my visit the front desk even answered the phone) they said they could come up and spray febreeze but they wouldn't move my room. The outlets in my room didn't work. SO FURIOUS WITH THE WHOLE EXPERIENCE.",1
7022, May 2017,Don't let the online pictures fool you,"I want a refund. The room was very tiny, paint was chipping, the curtain was dirty. I didn't feel safe and the pictures online did not accurately represent what the room looked like. I would not recommend this hotel.",2
7023, May 2017,Can't Reach Anyone by Phone,"The hotel is centrally located in NY so that was a plus; plus the hotel's concept is nice. But starting out, I had reserved a two bed room and was given a one bed room. I called before arriving to ask about parking, was told the wrong name of their affiliate parking which led to me driving around in circles in thick traffic for over an hour. Had to call maintenance the first night due to the tub not draining, but I had to call the desk multiple times before anyone answered it. I was over charged at the end of my stay that I tried to get clarification about, but after calling over 15 times back to back, leaving messages and things, I was still not able to get a hold of someone, and no one STILL has responded to my inquiries.",2
7024, May 2017,Just another hotel,"The website is full of hype about the design and ethos of this hotel. It is nicely designed, to be sure, but the entire building could use an update. Cracked and broken furnishings in the room; dirty floors; previous visitor's personal belongings not removed from the room. The water filteration system on my floor was not maintained well, so there was no fresh water. Unimpressive to unfriendly front desk service.",3
7025, May 2017,Time Square within reach,"If you want to stay somewhere comfortable, clean and within close proximity to Time Square, Central Park, Restaurant Row and all the Theatres in New York at an affordable price then the ROW NYC is the place to stay, We had a wonderful time at the ROW, with helpful staff, breakfast facilities with lots of options close by, and the effervescence of Time Square and the Theatres all within a 5 minute walk.",4
7026, May 2017,"Great location, comfortable room","Loved the location & comfort of the room. Extremely pretty hotel with lots of amenities including onsite eateries, music nightly, gift shop, bar, and more. Noisy at night due to the street traffic, but because the room and bed are so comfortable, we slept right through it. Great view from our room. Great wifi service. Subway access steps away. Lots of restaurants, stores, drugstore, etc on the same street, and around the corner. Ideal Time Square location. Disappointed that 2 of our 4 night stay did not have ice or cold water available when we needed it after our long days. We notified the hotel staff and it was not remedied. So this was a disappointment. Room could have been a bit cleaner, but overall a great experience. Would have liked to have a coffee maker in",5
7027, November 2016,"Amazing Location, Comfortable and clean!","We stayed for ten days, and it was a great experience! The staff was very helpful and the location was perfect! It wasn't a huge room, but considering the average in New York it was perfect for us. Everything was nearby the major city attractions, and also just two blocks from the hotel you can find the Times Square–42nd Street/Port Authority Bus Terminal so you can go anywhere! We are definitely going back this year!",4
7028, May 2017,Small Room & No refrigirator,"This hotel's location is good. But the room we stayed was too small, and there isn't any refrigirator. There ara a lot taxes in New York, there was a lot of louds and because of the rooms are so close you can hear everything in the other rooms.",3
7029, May 2017,Very good located,Its a very good located hotel even though too loud and too busy. Stuff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are a little bit small and so are the beds - they didn't really seemed to be doblebeds. Very good were the included phonecalls even international calls!,3
7030, May 2017,Great location,"Really enjoyed our 5 day 1st time break in NYC. Went through a travel agent and booked a deluxe city view room with queen sized bed. When we checked in the room we were allocated certainly didnt match this description. The bed was king size at best and the window with the city view was that dirty it was hard to see through. The sliding door on the bathroom was very difficult to open and my fianceè broke the tops off her nails trying to close it. I went to reception and spoke to someone about the standard of room he apologised and after checking said he could relocate us the night after but was unable to that night as there were no other rooms available. The next night we opened the door to our new room and wow what a difference, the room was 100 times better, 2 windows giving",4
7031, May 2017,Very convenient. Great service,"Been here 2 nights. Very accommodating staff. The standard room is clean. It is snug but at this price in this location, who cares. It is clean. The staff are terrific and the restaurants in the hotel are fabulous. The afternoon artisan $12 pizza (plus soda) is way better than any $12 pizza I have ever had! The bank of Apple Mac computers and 4 printers are free You can call internationally for free from your room too. The free wifi is fast though I have not streamed any movies. But it is the staff who win me over the most. A+. Brilliant.",5
7032, May 2017,I expected more!!!!,"For the price I paid for 2 nights the hotel room was small for 4 adults. The bathroom door was a sliding door and not much privacy. I reserved a room with a city view and that was a joke!! The window was so dirty you could not see anything. The bed is just a mattress on a frame , no box springs.",3
7033, May 2017,It was grim experience,"To the price offered by the ""Booking"", ~30$ a day was added for long distance calls and internet which was MANDATORY, a fact that make the whole deal not economical at all. The carpets are teared in the hallways and the rooms are small. The stuff in the front desk was'nt nice, they rarely pick up the phone. One time I was trying to reach them 7 times . We ordered a small refrigerator to the room (35$ per day!) and the inner compartments inside was missing, we called the house keeping and they didn't fix it. Packages dispensing hours are limmited till 7Pm and if someone leaves the hotel in the early morning, he might not get its package arrived the day before. The lady from the souvenir shop was very cooperative. The consierge sold us tickets to outlet shuttle, other than we",2
7034, May 2017,Very clean and comfortable,"We enjoyed our stay here. Great location near Times Square! Very clean and comfortable room... a little noisy (street noise) but it is NYC After all so, I guess that can't be helped, lol. Highly recommend staying here price was very reasonable for the location. So much to do, we had a blast!",5
7035, April 2017,"Location, Location, Location","for a real in your face stay in New York, try this hotel. Situated in the Theatre district, it is in Time Square, Near Broadway for a Show, minutes from so many attractions like Mme Tussaud, Ripley's Believe it or Not... close to shops.",4
7036, May 2017,Clean room,The hotel has very Cooperative staff the rooms and the location is very clean. Location address is very desirable. Very close to Times Square and easy excess to the port of authority station. I would recommend,5
7037, April 2017,Fine but not exceptional,"Extremely busy midtown hotel. Lobby is always crowded and occasionally makes for elevator waits. Rooms are small but fine, bed is comfortable. Its nothing special, just fine. City Kitchen is attached but was always way too crowded to visit.",3
7038, April 2017,Row NYC,"Great location, right by the Broadway theaters, Times Square, close to the subway. A lot of eateries late at night, souvenir shops, Rite Aid in a walking distance. Good convenient store in the lobby, not so good pastry shop/cafe. Very comfortable beds, bathrooms have the basics. When we arrived the room seemed dusty and not vacuumed. The next day they cleaned it well. Overall we were happy with our stay there.",4
7039, April 2017,"Dirty, rude staff","We stayed at the ROW NYC over a long weekend. Our experience was that the staff was rude overall and not many folks willing to help. Additionally the rooms were extremely small, dirty and did not appear to be very clean. We will never stay here again.",2
7040, May 2017,Great Location; OK Room,The hotel's location on 8th Avenue for a midtown/ Times Square location cannot be beat. I paid an upgrade to stay in a premium room. It was small with practically no storage space and NO comfortable seating and no art work on the walls. It was a corner room with a wonderful view of 8th. The bathroom was small with no counter space except for the window sill. The lobby is industrial and dreary. The wait at checkin was long (35 minutes). The staff was pleasant and helpful. The hallways were dark and creepy. The Wi-Fi worked fine. The elevators were electronic and extremely fast and efficient. No time was wasted waiting for an elevator.,4
7041, May 2017,Row Wow,Fresh off being there I was not impressed. Spotty internet. Long lineup to check in and very small room was very simple & spartan' Price value did not correlate . Cleanliness .... Location to theater and Time Square was excellent.,2
7042, May 2017,Great service and location,"I loved the hotel, the location is perfect, you are near to everything, the people that work at the hotel are super nice and respectfull. I did not like the charges for handling packages i think is too expensive, the rest was absolutly perfect!",4
7043, May 2017,"Great location, small rooms","If your plan is just finding a place to crash at night and be close to almost everything this is your place. They charge me for a housekeeping service I didn't received, still waiting for clean towels",3
7044, May 2017,Great Location . . . However . . .,"If you are in New York to see a Broadway show, you cannot beat this location for its price in the heart of the Broadway district. The rooms are small, so don't think you can fit your family in one room. I would say the site is best for singles or couples. The beds were quite comfortable. It has a ""hip"" and global vibe to it and an on-site food court where you can find a variety of food for reasonable rates for the city. However, I did run into a housekeeping problem that took much longer to be resolved than expected. Also, the property is definitely showing signs of wear that deserve attention by management. Also, the Concierge seemed not to treat all customers equally in regards to service or attitude. Will I return? Probably, based on the location and whether I can continue",4
7045, May 2017,ROW NYC stay,Hotel staff was very friendly and courteous. The check in went quickly considering the line was so long. The room was clean and air was comfortable Just could have used ice or a refrigerator in the room,5
7046, May 2017,"Check-in was awful, but I liked the hotel","Tried repeatedly to check in via a link in an email, but got error messages each time. Called the telephone number provided in the email repeatedly but it was never answered. VERY long line at check in with VERY long wait. Stay was otherwise good, great location, rooms and amenities. NOTE: 1. there is a service fee of $30 or so added to the room rate and taxes 2. there are apparently kiosks which can be used for check-in",4
7047, May 2017,Excellent Location,Every thing was excellent in my stay at ROW. The service and the personal in the hotel was very kind. The rooms and bathroom was realy good. The restaurants and cafeterias was realy near yo the hotel.,5
7048, April 2017,"Great place, great atmosphere","It's fantastic value for the facilities and location. Staff are friendly and efficient. Free international phone calls a big plus! The hotel has a very buzzing New York atmosphere, the lobby feels dynamic all day and night.",5
7049, May 2017,"3 Star Hotel, Excellent Location","Location- Very good, only a 5 minute walk from Times Square. Right next to plenty of different theaters and restaurants. Can pretty much get food at anytime of day and night. A+ Staff- From the small interactions we had it was good. Did not encounter any rude staff member. B+ Room- (Premium Queen Bed Room #1230). The Room was very small but it does tell you before you book the square footage, so I can not hold that against the hotel. The Premium room had an Ok view, nothing spectacular but nice. My main complaint with this hotel is the room did not seem very clean. Their was little things on the floor that shows they did not vacuum and the bathroom sink seemed like it was not wiped down after the last guest. So it makes me wonder how good of a job they did cleaning everything",3
7050, May 2017,great place,"hotel is in a great location, beatyful lobby and rooms are a littlle small but very clean modern and comftable.... thanks to the lady on the 6 floor my room 626 .i couldn't see her name but she was very nice and job well done at the room",5
7051, May 2017,Not great service,"Front desk was not very nice , their knowledge of what was going on the hotel was bad. The overall experience was subpar at best. The city grill was ok but not like they advertise. The view was nice and housekeeping did a good job for me, but the rest was not good.",2
7052, May 2017,Night out in Times Square@Row,"The location of the hotel was good and can connect you to the mainstream New York. it is at the heart of the city. A lot of restaurant/cafe to choose from, a walking distance to the church of the Holy Cross ran by the Capuchins. I was at floor 28 and that gave me a great opportunity of the city views",4
7053, December 2016,Comfort and Location,"Basic accommodations with minimal space. Location is excellent -- very close to Times Square; Port Authority; and easy access to subway. The design is modern and theater themed with dark hallways; the furniture is modular, ""cookie-cutter "" at best, and bland. Hotel best choice for place to put your head down at end of busy day sight-seeing. Very basic choice for fairly cheap price -- but definitely not plush!",3
7054, May 2017,Row NYC at Times Square,"Friendly, knowledgeable staff, easy check in process. Very clean room but it was extremely small, with one tiny armoire for clothing storage. Comfortable bed. In room safe. Perfect location just a few steps from Times Square, Broadway, Restaurant row etc.",4
7055, May 2017,Great Staff - Poor Room,"Our room was dirty and in need of repair, the internet did not work for 2 of the 5 days we stayed. The staff did what they could to fix our problems but the heat/ac did not work in our room even after engineering got it to work briefly. This forced up to keep the window open, which allowed for exhaust type fumes in our room. They room was re-cleaned when we called about it but there was nothing they could do about the internet.",3
7056, May 2017,Vacation,We arrived at the Row NYC Hotel via NJ Transit to NYC Penn staton and we walked a few blocks to the hotel. We checked in online before we arrived. We just picked up our room key at the front desk. There were no lines when we arrived around 3:30 in the afternoon. We had a nice view from the 19th floor. The room was small but we had expected that based on other reviews. We did hear noises from outside and other rooms slamming their door. I had to call guest services twice to get toilet paper roll. The bed was comfortable. The hotel is near Times Square and broadway shows.,4
7057, May 2017,"Location great, everything else OK.","Stayed here for 6 nights in May as it was the best deal we could get for a city break. Was OK overall, but probably wouldn't rush back. Pros: - Amazing location, you are right in the action and subway stop is next door - Staff on the front door are great. Really helpful and can get you taxis, help with bags etc etc. - Linked to City Kitchens which has a great variety of beverages and foods. Also the hairdressers and gym downstairs. - Most areas are very clean. Cons: - Housekeeping was SHOCKING. Hardly changed towels, bedding or toilet paper. Was constantly having to ring down and ask for things to be brought up which is annoying. One day they didn't even come into the room and make the beds. - Rooms are quite dated. Not a massive issue because it's NYC so you don't",3
7058, May 2017,Housekeeping not the Best,My Brother and Myself Are here traveling to the Big Apple for the First time so we didn't know what to Expect. Our Stay has Been Excellent at times and not to good in others. On our arrival our flight was an Early one and we were greeted excellent by the Hotel and We even got to leave our luggage while exploring the city. The only bad thing we gotta say about this stay was the House keeper skipped our room twice in the 6 day stay and when they did clean they did a half way job..... Can someone pls. Buy them a Vacuum cleaner...,3
7059, May 2017,Times Square,Was looking for an inexpensive but 4 star hotel to take my daughter to visit Times Square. At no time during our two day stay did we feel unsafe. We were within walking distance of Time Square and the Theatre district and a DD.,5
7060, May 2017,Good,"Apart from the problem that we had with our room everything was good, the hotel didnt have oyr room ready when we arrived, and they gave us a tiny room with one bed for 4 people!!!! That sucked, and we didnt have wi-fi for 3 days",3
7061, May 2017,Had a great time at Row NYC,"Checked out of Row NYC today. We stayed 3 nights. Our room (1054) was spacious and clean. It was cleaned daily - no complaints! The restroom was a bit small, but really who cares? I wasn't there to hang out in the bathroom. We were lucky enough to check in later in the evening so the wait wasn't very long at all. Our favourite part of the Hotel was the lobby bar. Shout out to the awesome staff - Raphael and Jose were the best bartenders! Fun and friendly, Raphael makes a mean White Russian. The Canadian girls appreciate your hospitality! The location was awesome. Subways all around, and walking distance to so many attractions. There was a little bit of street noise, but honestly I've never had a trip to NYC where there hasn't been. All in all, we loved the Row and we",5
7062, May 2017,I was hoping for a better experience,A discreetly acpetable hotel. I have had better experience in other hotels with lower rating. I think in particular the people who attend the reception should be trained to provide a better treatment to the guests.,3
7063, April 2017,Reasonable Hotel Near Times' Square,"This hotel has undergone significant renovations in the past few years from the old Milford Plaza Hotel to the Row Hotel. It is heavily used by international and domestic travellers. It is located on 8th Avenue, two blocks North of 42nd Street and across the street from an entrance to the subway. Roxy Deli is across the street, as well. The renovated hotel still has to fit into the old ""box"" but most of the rooms are larger than many of its price range in NYC. The bathrooms are small but adequate. The queue to check luggage can be VERY long. The wait to check in or out in person can be quite slow. there is a new food court attached for those who want to stay in. The biggest downside of the hotel is that the elevators, which have been renovated to a call system that",4
7064, May 2017,I will come back,"Definately ROW is the hotel I will come back next time I come to NY. Ive never been so well attended at any other hotel in my life. Junior, at the reception, was the best of the entire trip. Much attencious, he did everything to make me and my girlfriend very confortable. I felt like a top customer. The hotel location is also a highlight, being at the center of Manhatam with easy access to the key touristic points of the city.",4
7065, May 2017,Love that hotel!,"We had a deluxe room with a nice view over the 8th Ave. We paid more for a upper room with a view. Simple, yet very comfortable. We had to ask for having a sink fixed, and the shower that were out of use. It was done as soon we asked for it. Wifi was good, except for a day. We managed... Don't hesitate to ask for a room in the 14th store, it worth it. We didn't use the sport-room, but it looked fine. Restaurants in the hotel are quite poor, that's a pity! We had to go out for a nice breakfast.",5
7066, April 2017,Great Hotel!,Love Love Love Love This Hotel... The Only Problem Is That You Cannot Smoke in there But I didn't care it was worth goin outside every hour lol staff the security guards Everyone are respectful and helpful love it,5
7067, April 2017,new york best stay,perfect located hotel near times square - clean - rooms a new - maybe a little bit to small but ok when you are always outsinde. near busstation to newark - maybe they can offer a coffeemaker - i missed in room in the morning,5
7068, April 2017,Room size super disappointing,The room is so tiny u cant move without bumping into each other specially if u got bags in the room ... almost look like dorm rooms for a single person . the location is prime but the room price is not worth the size at all . looks much bigger in the pics,2
7069, May 2017,Nice hotel terrible staff!,"Nice hotel, the front desk staff was terrible! It was a nightmare to check in and a nightmare to check out! The hotel is in a nice location, it was nice and clean, the city view room was nice but a little small",2
7070, May 2017,Not ideal for a business trip,"Overbooked when I arrived after an 8 hour flight, I had made my reservation weeks before. Sent me to another hotel after an hour of waiting in the lobby, got to the new hotel at 1am then back to check into the Row. Was told I would be upgraded but was given a very standard bed but with a slightly bigger bed (traveling solo) asked to be moved to a nicer room, was given the same room but I higher floor. Heating didnt work in my room so I spent the first few nights freezing and had spoken to 5 different members of staff who said someone would bring a portable heater, that never happened. WIFI was down for 2 days which is the most important thing to rely on whilst on a business trip. There was no sincere apology. I found that it was just one thing after another and made my",2
7071, April 2017,"Mostly good, clean and well positioned. An acceptable place to stay, but for the money not outstanding.","I needed a central place for two nights. Room was quite small, but perfectly adequate. Clean and tidy and no problems encountered. Total price was just over $200 per night, which would be pricey outside NYC, but is not bad for Manhattan. At this price absolutely no view worth speaking of.",3
7072, May 2017,It's not worth the money,Internet wasn't working during an entire day. And charge you 29 dollars per day for it and for use of water machine that not always has water Rooms and bath too small. Attention of front desk wasn't polite.,2
7073, May 2017,good,"Very comfortable and contemporary simple elegance in middle of times sq I had very nice experience and staff was very friendly and helpful, the room was clean and spacious for very reasonable price....",5
7074, May 2017,Pros and Cons,"Pros- in the heart of the theater district, so no cab needed after a show -- priceless! Also kudos for the ability to check luggage for a later departure. Cons- very crowded lobby, the check-in process took forever-- very long line. Sound from elevator next to the room was loud. Room wasn't serviced one of the two nights we stayed there.",3
7075, May 2017,"Great location, decent hotel","Great location if you wish to experience the theater district or Times Sq. Within walking distance of Columbus Circle at Central Park (~20 mins). Central to Manhattan in general. Noisy. Thin walls and thin windows - you can hear every conversation, every cough, every car that honks. Didn't sleep well the first night; thank goodness front desk had earplugs so we could sleep the second night. Room was decent, but arrived with only a little toilet paper. Housekeeping was quick to provide us some, though. Relatively clean. Nothing spectacular, but a good location.",3
7076, May 2017,Nice Hotel but with hidden charges,"Myself and my wife stayed here for 4 nights with our little boy aged 5. The location was great and the hotel itself wasn't bad. Very young crowd in the hotel, manly people in their early twenties and the lobby is alway very busy any time of the day. The rooms themselves were pretty small but clean. Just somewhere to lay your head. The standard would be a little bit better than a private room in a hostel. The man issue I had staying here is that the price didn't include an additional charge for wifi and ice although we didn't use any ice, we didn't even know it was available. We got this additional bill the day before we left. I think you get charged this regardless of use. Although this was in the small print we were not aware of it. I would say to the hotel to be upfront with",3
7077, May 2017,Below average,"Was a terrible experience right from the start. Our flight was delayed by 5 hours meaning we arrived at 7am, having booked and pre-paid for the previous night but when we arrived they stated our room was not available as they were fully booked out from the previous night. We did not get our room until 2.30pm. All staff we dealt with were very rude, wait times at reception and to check in bags were way too long. IWaited for around an hour to get our bags from check-in once our room was available, when the man finding bags decided everyone could just go out the back and find their own bags. No tickets were checked, anyone could have taken anything! The rooms are tiny, filthy and noisy. Hallways and rooms smell like marijuana. Overall a terrible place, would not return or",2
7078, May 2017,ok stay,"Hotel was OK, not a fan of a mandatory resort fee. Didn'tt even use the computers or GYM. I feel like that was a rip off. My company paid for my stay but hotel still took additional $60.00 from me. Bar down stairs was way over priced. I ordered Hennessey with red bull, bar tender charged me additional $4.00 for an 1/8 of can of red bull to mix with my drink. that price He should of gave me the whole can or told me in advance its additional for red bull with drink. Also, bar tender was stuck in his phone while I waited for him to turn around. I'm watching him scroll his timeline ... Not my kind of bar!!! Also, in my room I had an open toothpaste on top of the safe. Seem like room was not fully clean when I arrived.",3
7079, May 2017,Good,Great service I had a great time we were celebrating our anniversary which was a huge success it's not our fist time here and not our last we will definitely be coming back but I'd like a regualr standard room instead of a deluxe double bed room,5
7080, April 2017,dont do it,"mold, small rooms, security questioning everyone at the elevators. no thanks. I brought my bestie into the room when she came to visit (she lives in nyc) and we could not handle it. the rooms are not ""new york small"", they're china small (no offense china). The restroom had MOLD ladies and gentleman, actual mold. I hesitated in confirming that once I walked in and noticed how humid and odd the room smelled. Once inside the restroom we knew for sure. I didn't even complain to the staff, In just packed up and left. The owners have no respect for their customers if they're letting people stay somewhere with mold.",1
7081, May 2017,Wonderful central location,"Great location, short walk to most places of interest. Subway very close also. The room was small but functional with enough space for luggage and clothes. Some traffic noise can be heard but it seemed to add to the excitement of the New York city experience. The front desk associate ""Junior"" was extremely helpful. He gave us tips and advise about the area and things to do. Great to have staff that can make visitors feel welcome. Thanks for everything .",4
7082, May 2017,Hotel stay,Hotel ran out of toilet tissue for 4 hours. We were told to use tissues. Phone reservation personnel had problems booking a room. It took him 3 tries before he was successful. We were supposed to get a booking reward but he didn't do it properly. We're still waiting for the rewards.,3
7083, May 2017,"Great location, great service!",Just checked in. Zac at the front desk was so efficient and pleasant! And the fellows who took care of our luggage were personable and professional. The location is outstanding! Walking distance to so much! Room is clean and quiet.,5
7084, May 2017,Adequate but nothing special,"Centrally located but was noisy even on a mid-level floor. Entrance and lobby setup is odd; seems like no one notices your presence. Hallways also seem remote & not well monitored. Room size was fine and clean. Easy access to most things in midtown. Extra service fee of $25 seems like an add-on so they can keep advertised rate low but then get extra dollars from visitors. I could not access internet nor did I see the advertised disposable water bottle - those were the only two ""special fee"" items I would have been using if available.",3
7085, May 2017,My Go To Hotel in NYC,"Very personable and efficient staff. Great location close to Times Square, restaurants and theaters District M & City Kitchen very convenient for drinks and quick meal. Was told that actors have been spotted due to the close proximity of the Theater District, however we recognized no one.",5
7086, May 2017,Great place to stay!,Loved the location in the Broadway district! Close to everything! Good value for the money! Great restaurant with multiple food choices! Nice energy of the other guests! Look forward to returning to NYC and staying there again!,5
7087, May 2017,My experience with Row NYC,I has a bad experience with ROWNYC. I sent email to the managing director if the hotel but I git no response. My email was including pictures about what I have seen. I dod what i can to report about my trip,1
7088, May 2017,The best kept hotel secret in the theater district of NYC,"The Row NYC is situated in a great location in the theater district. The rooms are basic, clean and priced affordably. Sometimes they offer ""deals"" in conjunction with AAA where valet parking is included! Can't beat it! The bell service folks were professional and efficient, but took a long time to arrive at the room. I think more staff is needed in this department. Cleaning staff and front desk people were equally professional and helpful. I will definitely return!",5
7089, April 2017,Very good. Helpful staff and very clean. Would recommend to anyone staying in New York to use this hotel.,Reception staff are very friendly and completely professional when dealing with requests. They sorted my group very quickly and cannot do enough to help. A big thank you to all the staff for making our stay very enjoyable.,5
7090, April 2017,first time in NYC,"Booked this hotel online as it seemed to be the best deal in town. This being my first trip to NYC, I wasn't too sure what to expect with room size etc......and after reading some online reviews I was a little scared we would end up in a shoebox. Our room was perfectly acceptable. 2 beds, a desk, tv on the wall and a place to put our luggage. The bathroom was TINY...but realistically, how much time are you really spending at the hotel when you have an entire city to see? The room was clean and housekeeping came daily while we were out exploring. I found the front desk staff to be unhelpful and unfriendly, I don't think the girl that checked us in even looked at us........but maybe that's a big city thing? I'm not sure, either way... she got the job done. Our room wasn't ready",4
7091, March 2017,perfect location with all you need,Nice Hotel with hip atmosphere. Super location and friendly helpful staff. Has a bit of the New York feeling with the tradition of the 1928 built Hotel. Return every year for a visit. The only issue I do not like is the intransparency with the resort fee when you book. Why not include it cleary. The value for money would still be ok.,4
7092, May 2017,Nice location and property but given wrong room.,"Property was nice but one of the counter staff was rude. Manager Yunjie was nice though. There were mistake made on overcharges that staff refused to correct. Also I was given a twin bed even though I reserved a queen. I'm 6'-1"" so it was uncomfortable.",4
7093, April 2017,Check in nightmare,Will never be back. Check in was an absolute nightmare. It was 530 by the time we got our room. I have never seen this in my life. They were supposed to text us when our room was ready but they never did. When we went back there must of been 30 people waiting to check in.,1
7094, May 2017,Back packer standard,"Stayed there as a travel agent booking , staff were rude and unhelpful , bathroom so small you couldn't place anything anywhere ,appearance dark and scary our child didn't want to stay , if your a backpacker go for it , if your a family stay clear",2
7095, May 2017,Overrated hotel,"Low service quality, unfriendly receptionist Only the location is interesting Very small rooms and bad smell. Cleaning and paper toilet should be available, not only on request Check in and check out are really time consuming with just a few resources available",1
7096, May 2017,Close to everything,"Nice and close to everything and plenty of places to eat near by. Busy on a sat night with the theatre crowd and got a bit noisy during 1night of our stay.called security and issue was resolved around 3am. When we asked next day to move rooms if theses people were still booked in , it was met with ""room requests have to be made in the morning"" so to bad.",4
7097, May 2017,Row,Great stay other than a very slow check in. Elevators malfunctioned a lot through my stay and slow internet. The rooms were very clean and the hotel a great feel. The bar area and the cafe were very nice. Had ample selections and were fairly priced.,4
7098, May 2017,Many thanks!,"The hotel was very comfortable, clean and friendly. The location couldn't be better. The feel of the environment below on the street was fantastic. You are in amongst it all. Definitely go back. Excellent experience. 😆",5
7099, May 2017,ROW NYC,Junior on reception was amazing! We were on honeymoon and he arranged an upgrade for us but we has to spend the first night in a standard room which was so small! Premier room more spacious! Location was on point and the bar area was lovely! Overall stay was amazing with huge thanks to junior who I cannot credit enough!,4
7100, May 2017,Perfect location,This hotel worked out great for us. We did not mind the small rooms and expected it for the amount we paid. (The room rate does fluctuate daily so I had to massage the system a bit to get the rate down.) It's New York people...get used to it!the City Kitchen is connected which worked out perfect with cold rainy weather! Our beds were comfortable and room was clean. Will definitely stay again.,5
7101, April 2017,Birthday weekend in nyc,"I've visited NYC twice and both times stayed at Row NYC. Enjoyed my stay and would highly recommend. Location is within easy walking distance to many things, places to eat, theaters, etc. We arrived a little early for 4:00 check in, but were given keys to our room immediately upon arrival, so we could begin our sightseeing right away. We didn't need to worry about our luggage, since we were able to go directly to our room. Our room was very nice and maid service was excellent. We came back each evening to an immaculate room. I won't look for another hotel in NYC for my next visit as we truly love ROW NYC!!!",5
7102, April 2017,Overrated Hotel,"Room very small. and small bed. bathroom quite old. Too much people around the lobby at any time. Problems and queue to leave the luggages. I will never recommend this Hotel even though the location is good (Times Square is OK, but you have to know is very noisy and chaotic).",2
7103, April 2017,A little more commitment,"I like the location of Row NYC, right smack in the middle of Time Square where everything happens and from where you can venture out anywhere in the city easily. Row dim lighting clearly send the message that Row values privacy, and the onsite live music, and bar and grill is just awesome. What I did not like is the pissy odor I smelled the moment I stepped off the elevator on the 7th floor. I did not like the way the look of the carpet in my room either, looked like someone left dirty oil stripe from wiping their dirty boots all over the carpet. Perhaps that was the design of the carpet, in which case Row may want to consider changing out that carpet design. There was NO foul odor in the room. There just need to be a little bit more commitment and consideration given to",3
7104, May 2017,Convenient location,We decided to try staying right in NY as last time we visited we had stayed in New Jersey. The hotel is close to everything and tons of restaurants near by. There were internet issues during our stay but the front desk was able to print our voucher for a tour we had booked. The bathroom door is a little strange but overall the room was more than we expected.,5
7105, May 2017,Comfortable,"The ROW was very comfortable. Gerennia was quite helpful during check in. Staff was overall very friendly. I would stay there again. Although, the bathroom had some hairs from previous guests from shaving, I would stay there again.",4
7106, April 2017,Good hotel,It is a clean hotel with a very good location. Rooms could be bigger. Too many people in the main entrance of the hotel. Service was good and rooms are clean. Checking out was very easy and fast. That helps the guests a lot. Thank you,3
7107, May 2017,Great Location,"This hotel is great. It's in a central location and you can basically walk everywhere, just be prepared to have really sore feet. There is no point taking a cab anywhere because of all the traffic in New York so take some comfortable shoes. There is a awesome Kellogg's store in time square which is a must if you have been on the road for a while and miss cereal. We stayed in a standard room which was quite small. There actually isn't any room to put your luggage so it will just be in the way. The bathroom is also tiny and needs some sort of ventilation. If you are going to stay here request to stay in a higher level, we were on level 7 and could hear street noise all night long, you can also hear through the walls of the rooms which can be annoying when you're trying to sleep.",4
7108, May 2017,terrible,"they sold our room on us the first night to some other people and made us walk 2 blocks to another hotel. we never got comp a room or any discount through our week of staying there. the manager didn't really seem to care about this problem and didn't hear us out, he just shrugged us off and gave attitude.. took 3 days before they came to clean our room after asking them twice a day because it never got done in the mornings",1
7109, May 2017,Good hotel in an excellent location but with some points to improve,The location is fabulous !! The general conditions of hotel are great. The items to be improved are: Bathroom illumination. There is only one lamp in the mirror and consequently the bathroom is too dark. Another thing is the long line for check-in. People arrive very tired and they need a quick check-in.,3
7110, May 2017,short break,Rooms were clean and bright good wifi + air conditioning. Reception area could do with better lighting and more staff to deal with checking in. Strange murals on the room floors and an unpleasant smell,3
7111, May 2017,Disorganized,"This review may still change, but it has gotten off to a terrible start. After checking in and entering my room, I discovered I had no towels. I attempted to call someone, but couldn't get am answer for 30 minutes, as apparently the phones weren't manned or ignored. Now my wait continues. When you are in a rush to get ready for an appointment and lose over an hour for the simplest of requests to fix a problem that I've never experienced in even the worst hotels, no towels, leaves a bad taste in my mouth",2
7112, April 2017,good hotel,hotel was very comfortable and clean staff very helpful and friendly location was perfect for times square and theatres coffee bar in hotel was lovely and fresh water and ice available at all times. very enjoyable stay .,4
7113, April 2017,Great location.,Fun hotel. Great view of the city from our room thanks to the free upgrade to a premium suite. We enjoyed having good food and drinks nearby at all times. As well as being so close to Times Square and Broadway.,4
7114, May 2017,All show...no go.,"Awful hotel, dirty, noisy, unhelpful and expensive. Started badly and went downhill. Unexplained charges, common areas simply unclean, corridors/carpets on all floors terribly dirty, had to change rooms twice, second room simply filthy. All gloss and showy with no substance. An awful experience.",1
7115, May 2017,New York,"Excellent location with a walking distance of Time square, Central Park, MoMA, Empire State Building, Space Museum, cruises going to the Statue of liberty and more...Good value. Good service with staff willing to help. If possible try to get a room on higher floors.",3
7116, April 2017,Weekend visit,"The hotel is well situated, close to Times Square, Broadway shows, and subways. The rooms were clean and comfortable, although the bathroom is a bit small, and one towel was not clean. Attached to City Kitchen which had good food outlets.",4
7117, April 2017,Deluxe bed queen city view doesn't exist,"Small room, small bed, small and uncleaned bathroom. Wasn't a good experience. the breakfast it was included and after they charged. I have to say Conrad and Tomas were servicial and nice. It's close to Times Square.",1
7118, April 2017,Awesome hotel!,"The location is great for seeing all the sites in Midtown Manhattan. It's a clean, hip hotel and the staff was very welcoming and helpful. We were upgraded to a bigger room at no charge to us. It was a nice surprise!",5
7119, May 2017,Could be better,Front desk staff was unfriendly despite after queuing almost 20mins. She didn't smile nor greet us. We left our bags at the left baggage area. The bell boy was very abrupt. Upon collection of our bags the bell boy asked for a tip despite his lousy attitude when we depositing our bags with them. Housekeeper didn't clean our room even though we didn't put the do not disturb sign on.,2
7120, May 2017,Don't arrive early,"Everything was wonderful, the room was comfortable and clean; except I made the mistake of arriving early, couldn't use the lobby bathroom, and penalized for asking for an early check-in by price increase.",4
7121, April 2017,Be aware of your stuff,"The room is good, just like the location. At the beginning the welcome was very good, because I received a good room for my long stay. But, in the second or third day, one handkerchief disappeared... I told the staff, but they didn´t do anything. Very impersonal hotel. The wifi didn´t work for two days. Problems with the return of the cash.",2
7122, May 2017,"Dependable, clean, convenient",I stay at The Row 4-5 times a year. It is a superb location if you are going to theater. Everything is a quick walk. Rooms are simple but clean and mostly quiet. Always ask for a room at the back away from 45th & 8th which is a noisy corner.,4
7123, April 2017,Great hotel in a perfect location,"I have stayed at the Row NYC 2 years in a row and love this place! Great location in midtown near all the trains/theaters, etc. Rooms are nice, hotel was very clean, staff friendly and helpful. And the bartenders at District M feel like your friends!",5
7124, May 2017,"Wonderful hotel, will be back!","Just had the most wonderful 5 night stay at Row NYC. The staff are pleasant and helpful, and the hotel was very clean. Perhaps a little shabby in places, but nothing major. The room was so comfortable, we had booked a premium city view room. We got a lovely big room, plenty of space, and a huge king size comfy bed. The bathroom was a touch small, but it had a lovely deep bath, which was highly appreciated after long days on our feet. We loved their elevator system also! It is very efficient, and other NYC hotels could benefit from this system. Literally a stones throw from Times Square. There is a facilities fee at this hotel, I think it works about $30 a night, so remember to factor this into your budget. For it, you have good wifi, gym (didn't go), drinking water, printing,",5
7125, May 2017,5 star service,Extra ordinary service and beautiful property. Room was very small but it's Times Square so not much time spent inside. Commons areas were ultra clean and contemporary. Felt like New York is supposed to be,4
7126, May 2017,Convenient location but don't expect luxury.,"Check-in staff do exactly that but not particularly friendly or overly helpful. Room was clean, and a good size, but it was noisy (even though it was 20 stories up) as the windows are not particularly sound proofed and the air con was like a jet engine and about 1 foot from the bed. Watch out for extras, have to pay for gym even if you don't want to use it, this resulted in a more expensive room than I was expecting.",3
7127, June 2016,Perfect Location for Theatre and Times Square,Nice rooms but a little small. Very clean and tidy. Perfect location for Times Square and all the theatres. Reception not very friendly and slow. Very trendy hotel with lots of food choices. The bar staff are very friendly and chat with guests. We will stay here again next time we are in NYC.,4
7128, May 2017,Great location,"Row NYC is a great place to stay if you want to be near the theater district or if you want to explore Manhattan by foot. We walked almost everywhere and if we had to take the subway, we only had to walk to the corner.",5
7129, May 2017,Loved it!,"I loved my stay at Row NYC. The location could not be better. Our room was small, but cozey and clean(and I'm a stickler for this). I could have stayed there all day to be honest. Minor problems-The internet was out the last day and the power blew when I was blow drying my hair but I called and it was fixed immediately. Overall loved it. You are able to walk anywhere from here. I was in town for a fashion trade show at Jacob Javits and I walked everyday, as well as walked to Times Square and our Broadway show within 3 minutes. Nice little pub just a block away (multiple ones actually) and the hotel is connected to SUGAR as well as a cute little trendy food court. Nice little bar in hotel that I didn't go to but very nice from the looks of it :)",5
7130, May 2017,Business trip,"Location is convenient and room was comfortable. No service staff to speak of. Warm/cold water shower my last day, but would've had to stand on line to let them know about it at the front desk. Lots of travelers from other countries.",4
7131, July 2016,Row NYC stay,"I stayed in the row for two weeks, it was such an amazing hotel to stay in. One of the best things that I loved about this place was having water tanks on each floor so you can get water anytime for free but the thing that I didin't like was the size of the bathroom, it was too small in comparison to other hotels.",4
7132, May 2017,Good hotel with fantastic location,"We recently stayed for 6 nights at the Row NYC hotel and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is clean and well maintained by the housekeeping staff. We found the staff to be very helpful but the best thing of all is the location, couldn't get better for Times Sq, Broadway, subway & bus and most importantly Hell's Kitchen where you will find every type of cuisine your heart desires. The one thing you need to know is that this hotel is extremely busy with a lot of hustle and bustle, this doesn't bother me at all but it may not be for others.",4
7133, May 2017,First time,I will not be recommending your hotel because I got a horrible impression of it. Your check in personal is very rude and they get client from everywhere. Clients that end up riding the elevator with out even knowing how the system works.,1
7134, May 2017,Loved my Stay!!,"This was our first stay at Row NYC, the staff was excellent, anything and everything we needed, from extra towels, to directions to the subway to recommendations for places to eat, to help with loading and unloading our vehicle. I would definitely stay there again! I would only thing I would add was a mini fridge.",5
7135, May 2017,Row nyc stay,"Exellent experience. I love it. All was perfect. Exellent service, people, facillifies, food, there was music at the lobby on friday. The security was awsome... thank you for a perfect vacation. I will use your service on my next trip to new york.",5
7136, May 2017,Trendy,Very nice trendy hotel at walking distance of times square. Friendly staff. Clean room. No noise at night. We had a very nice stay and woukd recommand the hotel at everybody. Only minor point was long waiting line to check in,4
7137, May 2017,Fun & Well located,"ROW hotel is a modern fun and noisy hotel. It is its advantage and disadvantage. It is extremely well located, has very comfortable and functional rooms, great restaurants inside and even some live entertainment. However, there are always (too many) people in your way, takes forever to get your car and they accept bus loads of people. Oh - and the AC units in the rooms are very noisy - but that can be a good thing because it covers the noise of the streets that you hear even if you are on the 16th floor.",3
7138, May 2017,"Location, location, location","I stay here often to be in close proximity to the Theater District and I'm never disappointed. The rooms are very small but this is an old hotel that has been given a major face lift, and let's face it, you don't come to New York to spend time in your room. As small as they are, they are laid out for maximum efficiency with plenty of outlets, a closet, and several drawers. The bathroom is also well laid out. The beds are comfortable so sleep came easily and with the complete blackout shades on the windows I didn't wake up till I wanted to.",4
7139, May 2017,Disappointed,The hotel room was small with no refrigerator and the tv didn't work most of our stay. We were not pleased at all. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone. They didn't honor the quote they gave us for parking as well,2
7140, May 2017,Quivk overnight in NYC,Decent place to stay. Rooms very small. Booked Queen/King and they only had Doubles. A/C very loud in the room. Great location...Times Square. Parking package is great (only $10 extra). You get what you pay for....,4
7141, May 2017,see a show,"The location of the Row Hotel is perfect for Theatre going. We saw a Matinee of PHANTOM and had dinner at CARMINES. All within easy walking distance. The rooms are Spartan but clean. The mandatory "" internet /phone /water"" fee is excessive.",4
7142, May 2017,Great experience,"My husband and I had a great time at this hotel, it's very clean, and I love the artwork on some of the hotel room doors. It gives it a fun feel. It is very close to Times square. The hotel was very clean and the cleaning staff were really friendly.",5
7143, May 2017,NYC HORROR STORY,"The best advantage is the location next to Broadway and the beautiful facade, but the room was very dirty, full of hair under the sheet and inside the tub. It does not cost anything to use a vacuum cleaner. I had to wash the tub to use. Small rooms. Bathroom very small. No fridges. They make you go through 2 or 3 bellboys having to pay a tip for each one. Location without own garage. You have to pay for the garage and the discount with the garage is a joke. The maid gets upset at check out wanting you to leave soon to clean the room for another customer. If I paid to stay until noon, leave me alone. The internet is unstable.",1
7144, May 2017,Lack lustre service and dirty rooms,"We booked this hotel last minute as we had been let down with our original reservation. We arrived and were 'greeted' by an abrupt front desk agent who gave the impression that we were an inconvenience by being there. This attitude seemed to be the standard throughout the hotel with all employees we interacted with, in particular when we witnessed a member of the bell staff verbal attack another guest. The room was dirty with months of dust lying on the skirting boards and bed frame. The hotel surcharge for wifi, water & phone calls is excessive and compulsory even if you don't use it. Be careful if you book via a 3rd party website, we were double charged on check in & they blamed a computer glitch but it was clearly that the agent charged us again.",2
7145, April 2017,Double payment for the same room!!,"The hotel is very nice and the position is wonderful, but the customer care is not so good, mostly when there is a problem regarding the payment (the hotel made a double payment for the same room by mistake and I haven't received my money back yet, neither an answer to my email about the timing of the return). The customer care is poor also about the requested clarifications about the deposit.",3
7146, April 2017,It's All About Location!,"We stayed here for 4 nights with the first night being a pitfall of problems which were hashed out with management and taken care of, for the most part. So rather than relive that unfortunate night, I'll share what I learned and what I thought by the end of our trip. We booked a queen bed and arrived to a full. I was told that full and queen rooms are interchangeable to management and that you have to make a special request to actually get a queen, even if your confirmation states you have one. Lesson learned, though I hope to never encounter that again on future trips. Location: If you're looking for lodging in the theater district, this is a good choice. It's a hop, skip and a pirouette away from most theaters - or at least the 4 I went to. Amenities: The elevators were",4
7147, May 2017,In the middle of everything,The rooms are comfortable and the hotel is close to Times Square and Restaurant Row. It's nice to have so many food choices in one place. It gets very crowded during check in so don't expect to check right in. Beds are very comfortable.,4
7148, May 2017,Great place,Lovley staff i can say only good things about this place was perfect time for me and my girlfriend we both have great time here... thank you very much One more time definitly we will come back ...👌👌,5
7149, May 2017,I'd stay here again,"Great location, clean rooms and friendly staff. A home run as far as I'm concerned. I'd stay here again and recommend it to friends. Just a short walk to so many famous nyc attractions. Win win. Just go",4
7150, April 2017,I will come back,"Although, I work in one the big chain hotels I have selected this hotel , I was strongly recommended for me , excellent location enjoyable lobby cooperative staff holding the luggage after check out quick check in and out , difently will come back",4
7151, April 2017,50th getaway,"Great location, value for money. Central to many Broadway theatres with easy access to multiple subway lines. Around the corner from Time Square. Rooms are small, however they are clean. Easy walking distance to 34th Street shops and the Highline. Can walk to multiple attractions including MoMA and Top of the Rock. and",3
7152, April 2017,Great choice,It was great except my room was next to the ice machine on the 5th floor and it was noisy. The location is perfect to change during the day and unload packages. Morning staff at the bar was great. Also restaurants at the kitchen!,5
7153, May 2017,Row NYC - 2 day stay,"The hotel was conveniently located. I was originally assigned a room behind the elevators and it was noisy, I requested to change rooms, although there were no rooms available for the first night, I was guaranteed another room for the other 2 nights. I had a bigger room. I was very satisfied.",4
7154, May 2017,Dirty and poorly attended,"I m not happy really with Row. So, i m not going to recomend your place. We arrived ok saturday morning, we wait till 4pm to go in to the room 1022, And it was plenty of dust. The carpet And the furniture, the phone, the lamps, etc. My allergy start on the moment whe go in. The sheet you use to cover the mattres had a strain not nice at all. When we got out for dinner I told the man at the front desk the situation, he says He would ask For a New complete cleaning service. When We comeback I Think some part of the carpet was clean with a Vacuum machine (not all of it, the corner between the bed And the window clearly not). The lamps, the phone still are plenty of dust. Curiosly the allergy don't bother me on the road because of the spring, it bother on the room!",1
7155, May 2017,"Clean, close, simple","Row NYC is very clean everytime we stay there. Its close to everything. It is a great hotel at a great price. It has simple style with clean line...no fu fu stuff..just what you need. Love the toiletries, great sent.",5
7156, April 2017,Central location - good rooms,"Great views, comfy rooms, good facilities, clean, welcoming and safe. Great central location. Wifi included in facilities fee - free printing for tickets/boarding passes etc very handy. Friendly staff.",4
7157, May 2017,Don't do it. Not worth the hassle.,"Our flight was delayed so we arrived to the hotel very late at night. Despite having already reserved and paid for the room weeks in advance, we were told (at 2:30am) that no more rooms were available. After 30min, a room magically became available, but that still left all the guests behind us in line without rooms. How is this possible, when we already paid for the rooms? And the rooms don't come cheap, either. Once in, the space is doable, but walls are very thin. Sleeping in is not really an option. Nyc is a big city - there are many other options for your stay.",1
7158, May 2017,"Good location, value and overall good experience.","Excellent and caring service from hotel staff upon check-in, baggage handlers and serving staff at District M. At times hotel lobby and check-in can be very busy, but you have to realize that this large hotel has 1300+ rooms. However, very efficient staff seemed to efficiently move through these busy periods. Really nice having the food court right in the hotel for late arrivals, or in my case, in the middle of a torrential downpour. I would say that overall it was a very good experience and I would recommend it and come back again.",5
7159, April 2017,Improvements,Improve the toilette cleaning service is very important as sometimes I could see the lack of time/people to do this important labor. Specially after being all day out and returning to the room. Thank you.,4
7160, May 2017,Don't bother,"Recently stayed for 3 nights, check in very late at 4pm and slow. The room was supposed to be premium room however it was small and cramped with very little storage space. The carpet was dirty as was the bathroom. It's advertised as a 4 star but is definitely not more like a 2 star, I would recommend the westin which is a proper 4 star around the corner and is similarly priced Finally Stay Away !!!",1
7161, May 2017,"Excellent location, modern with few frills","You're not going to find many bargains around Times Square, but Row NYC is a perfectly acceptable hotel right near the heart of the action. We enjoyed the modern look, basic (but clean) room, and proximity to a Shake Shack, the Phantom of the Opera, Times Square, and multiple Metro lines.",4
7162, May 2017,Great except for mold in shower ceiling.,The checkin staff are very accommodating along with the morning staff that serve breakfast. They are so helpful & pleasant. In the evening the bartender are great as well. The entire staff remember who I am. They always make me feel very welcome!!,5
7163, May 2017,5 nights in New York,"I really liked this hotel for its location, price and helpful front desk staff. It was easy to change my room from a noisy air conditioner inside corner to an outside room high up on a side street. I will stay there again on my next visit.",5
7164, December 2016,On Broadway,"I read some of these reviews and some weren't too good , I was at this hotel a while ago and was very pleased with my room was totally redone everything was new and clean and colorful, the bar was very busy since they served food and alcohol and had limited help but when I received my food it was delicious, to top it off I was there to see Cinderella didn't know I was right there all the Broadway plays was within reach since I was alone this was heaven for me, then I asked how far was I from Good Morning America it was around the corner I couldn't have enjoyed my visit to NYC any better",3
7165, June 2016,Fab Location,"Row NYC is located in an excellent central location. Could not fault the location at all. I felt safe walking around by myself after dark in the area, and it is in close walking distance to lots of main tourist attractions, as well as metro stations. The only issues I experienced were quite long wait times to check in, and 1 small issue phoning the amenities team a few times in order to get clean towels. The room my friend and I had was small (2 single beds) but modern with a nice view looking towards broadway areas. Well worth the stay in NYC, it also has a cool eatery and bar section within the hotel.",4
7166, April 2017,Good location,A busy hotel with a clean and simple style. Higher floors quieter and better for views. Toiletries nice to use. Staff helpful. Bell boys most helpful with luggage & storage. Lift system great once you used to it.,5
7167, May 2017,"Not bad, not great","The check in process is as bad as everyone here complains about. Adding one or two people at the busiest time would help a lot. Elevators are great, especially since this hotel is extremely busy. My room was clean, but not spotless. Bed was soft. Bathroom shower was hot with good pressure. The room was large by NYC standards, but seemed a bit unkept. By that I mean the trim was painted, but sloppily with tattered wood underneath. I was nice to the staff and they were relatively friendly to me. I don't like staying near Time Square when in NYC, so I did not like the location, but many people do, so they will like it. Totally a mixed bag for me. That being said, there are much better options in NY.",3
7168, March 2017,Clean & Close to everything,"Everything was great, from the valet service, to the room and the location. For the price, it a no brainer. I was there for 3 days and each time I came back to the hotel, I was really satisfied and please with my choice.",5
7169, May 2017,ROW LYPH,"The complimentary breakfast of a juice, a piece of fruit, and a pastry was quite lean if you ask me. I didn't care for the 22.50 internet fee incurred daily with my stay either. Overall the atmosphere and location made up for it's shortcomings in my personal opinion. I will definitely be staying here again on my next visit...maybe the suites have more space?",4
7170, May 2017,Stay away!,"The room is very noisy and dirty and no one really bothered to come and check about the noise, the reception lady said she would send an engineer, kept us waiting and nobody came! The hotel is definitely not a 4* hotel for the price we paid! More like a 2* hotel won't be stay here again ever.",1
7171, April 2017,Close to Times Square,"Its situation is the best point. Comfortable rooms and toilettries in the bathroom. It has been a good choice, a little bit expensive because breakfast was not included in the price. Nevertheless, you can find a lot of places to have breakfast, lunch or dinner. That is the best point of this hotel!",4
7172, May 2017,A good location well placed,"This hotel has many advantages due to its location in the heart of New York City, close to Manhatan, Time Square, The rooms, although they have a bathroom a bit narrow, are clean, with a nice and efficient staff. This hotel has many advantages due to its location in the heart of New York City, close to Manhatan, Time Square, Rockfeller center, ... The rooms, although they have a bathroom a bit narrow, are clean, with a nice and efficient staff.",4
7173, May 2017,Visit,"Nice visit and very good service, rooms are confortable and quiet. Is very close to atraccions and restaurants it was a very good expirience to knew New York City. I travél for three days and it was very near from all good atractions",4
7174, May 2017,"Great location, room ok, but loud","Overall ok, but staff not too friendly and everything close to the elevators is very loud. Location is great though. Is very busy, so plan some time to check in. Room was clean, bed comfy, the automated check out is helpful",3
7175, May 2017,"Location, Location, Location",Couldnt be a better location for Broadway muscicals and Times Square activities. Close to Carmines for delicious family style food! The smallest bathrooms is the world but clean and adequate with comfortable beds! After all you dont spend time in the room when in NYC!!,4
7176, May 2017,Do not recommend,"The entrance hall is beautiful and clean. However, rooms are very dirty, mattresses are older than me and terribly soft, and internet is very slow and does not work properly. I do not recommend the Row NYC Hotel for its price.",2
7177, May 2017,Great find,Was in the city to see my daughters play. Great location. Clean and perfect size. Would come back.staff was very helpful. As I said the location was great. In Hell's Kitchen. Great restaurants. Near Times Square but away from crowds,4
7178, May 2017,Non-care attitude from staff,"When we arrived, we waited in a long queue for 20-30 min to check in. The staff had a non-care attitude and only replied: ""We are busy"". Rooms are very small and basic. Rooms need an urgent upgrade. Definitely not close to a 4 star.",1
7179, May 2017,Terrible hotel and terrible service,Stay away from this hotel. Room with a strong smell of urination. Terrible service from the front desk. No body really gives a damn about you or your problem. After switching the room waited additional hour although the room was supposed to be ready. Corridors in the hotel are dim and scary. No ventilation in the elevators.,1
7180, May 2017,average,stay was marred by hidden charges and refusal of checkout to reverse although they did it for another guest. unfair. the rest of the stay was rather average - good location and adequate value for the offer.,3
7181, May 2017,No complaints,"I recently visited ROW NYC with my son for his 13th birthday. The location was AMAZING! We could literally walk anywhere we needed to go. The staff was friendly from the timr we arrived until the time we left. With this being our first time in New York, I had tons of questions about directions and suggestions on restaurants and stores. They never seemed irritated. Once I asked the bellman about seafood in the area and he wasn't sure. As soon as I walked back through the hotel doors, he had suggestions for me. I only give 4 stars because the bathroom wasn't the cleanest. I cleaned the tub myself before my son and me showered. I do understand the job of housekeepers and didn't want to make a big deal out of it. This hotel was worth every penny spent.",4
7182, May 2017,Stay away,"Row is not 4* and should not be advertised as such. Basically large, 2* youth hostel with good location and bad service. Room was small, basic, dirty carpets and old stained linen. Was maybe decedent 15 years ago but not feels like crowded youth hostel with roadside motel finishes.",1
7183, May 2017,"If you have too book it will do, otherwise keep looking","The hotel is in a great location. It also has a bunch of food vendors connected to it with awesome food. But... The check in process was awful. 8 pm, with one SLOW person checking folks in. The rooms look like the pictures they post online plus 20 years of wear and tear. They are due for a repainting and good cleaning. From my room I could hear the elevators all night.. The price isn't very competitive compared to other hotels in the area... Maybe a few dollars cheaper. I'd recommend you spend the few dollars and book a place that has at least the basics covered.",3
7184, April 2017,NYC,fantastic hotel in a great location. warm and friendly staff. rooms were excellent. we enjoyed the gym facilities and also the range of food available in the bar and at the a joining food hall. walking distance ti lots of sights we wished to visit,5
7185, April 2017,Great location,"Great location. Right by Times Square, Broadway and Grand Central Park. The room was on the smaller side, but we were able to overlook that detail since the beds were so comfortable and the location was perfect.",4
7186, May 2017,Well worn hotel,"Arrived early for check in and was treated well at reception. I must have drawn the short straw for my room because it was small, facing into an inner square with not one but two air conditioning ducts going up the walls to the top of the building. It sounded like a Boeing jet if the window was open and a muffled jet when closed. Found the paint pealing off the ceiling above the shower and a nice little "" culture "" of black mould growing on the wall next to the mirror. The room wasn't cleaned properly on my arrival but it was for the next two days. I took a laundry bag to reception on day two, stood in a queue with 21 people waiting ages to be served because there were only two employees on the reception desk. Thank goodness a third lady pitched after 10 minutes and came",2
7187, April 2017,"Good value, great location","We have stayed here many times and keep returning. Good value, great location. Right near Times Square, theater district, and restaurant row. Rooms are small, but adequate. Never heard noise from neighbors. Hotel lobby is a zoo.",4
7188, April 2017,Lousy room,"My wife and I are from Virginia and we love NYC and travel there once a year just to roam around the city and enjoy the sights. A couple of months ago, wife's older sister, her husband, and their daughter and her new husband, all from Spain, told us the were coming to visit us which was terrific news since we are all very close. None of them have ever been to the U.S. and I was stunned that my wife's older sister, in particular, was even leaving Spain to travel to another country, much less the U.S., since she had never been out of Spain before. They decided to come into NY since the international rate was cheaper than to fly into an airport closer to us in DC. Therefore, we decided to greet them in NYC and make a weekend out of it and show them the Big Apple. I started",3
7189, April 2017,We love to stay at the Row NYC! The decor is simple and neat and the location is perfect!,The decor is simple and neat. The location is very convenient to Broadway Theatres and Time Square. The rooms are small but that's pretty normal by New York City standards. Close to some great restaurants.,5
7190, April 2017,"Location, Location,Location!","The hotel is perfectly located on 8th near 44th. Many theaters and restaurants are a very walk. The subway is on the corner. The breakfast included with the room was OK, 1 drink, 1 roll and 1 fruit. The room was small but clean. If you don't like noise don't get a room facing 8th Ave.",4
7191, April 2017,Never ever,"Room extremely loud due to the noise from the elevator. Could not sleep. Room much to small for a double, but the price was about 300 USD/night. Hotel would not give us another room, because we booked with a booking platform.",1
7192, May 2017,Extra day in NYC,"The hotel generally, was good, clean rooms, facilities good, location is great, the only let down was not having facilities to heat up water for a tea or coffee within the room. The checkin time is a bit too much at 4pm (though we managed to checkin earlier thanks to the lovely receptionist), the windows were not noise proof, got woken up a few times during the night due to noise.",4
7193, May 2017,"Great location, that's all","Their were drawings on the bed head that hadn't been cleaned off. Sheets were dirty still, we weren't given the right room because they were all ""full"" but we booked 2 days earlier and weren't told this prior. You think they would know that.. also windows were filthy!!! You could hardly see out! Could do with some windex!",3
7194, May 2017,Modern place for cheap!,Recommend completely. Not too expensive but has a super high end modern feel. Someone may say it's a smaller room but it's really all I needed for my short stay. Express check in and out was a nice little quirk that worked excellently,5
7195, May 2017,Gloomy and too crowded,"This hotel was not a great experience. The entire time that I stayed there, the foyer and lobby were filled with people waiting around with their luggage. The lobby is poorly decorated and looks like a train station or subway station. The color scheme of the hotel is all grey, light grey, dark grey and very gloomy. In the halls on your way to your room you pass murals that depict some of the scenes in NY. The scenes are not uplifting but rather depressing. Stack of books on a street, or people sitting around. It truly is bizarre. The entire hotel has a weird smell. I have no idea what they are trying to accomplish with the décor. I did like my room, however. It was tiny but on a corner and I had windows on both side. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. It",3
7196, May 2017,Great location,The location of the hotel was perfect for us. We were seeing Phantom of the Opera at the Majestic Theater which was literally around the corner less than a 2 minute walk. The hotel had some great features like the City Kitchen and Sugar Factory. The check-in experience was long we waited in a line for over 30 minutes. The staff was friendly and the room was basic but nice. The room wasn't as clean as I'd like... other people's hair left in the bathroom and a odor on the towels and bed sheets... maybe a laundry issue. But overall our experience was good and we'd most likely book again,4
7197, April 2017,Location is great. Everything else is...,"The only thing that justifies the price of this hotel is location. If you're willing to sacrifice all other aspects to get this one big plus then I'd recommend this hotel. Otherwise don't. Customer service is awful. Don't know why all the staff are so unfriendly and rude. Rooms are extremely small, this is a norm in NYC. Don't bother paying extra for the 'view', all windows are extremely old and can barely see anything through them. Room was clean, bathroom as well. Carpet is old, should replace. Hallways have a funny smell. Elevators take forever. City Kitchen is completely overprice, skip it. Overall, like I said, location is the biggest plus. Everything else is barely acceptable.",3
7198, April 2017,"Too small, too loud, too rude!","Extremely small rooms, Housekeeping is extremely rude and have no respect for quiet or time of morning. They do a bad job to boot! I traveled for a business trip and the hotel was convenient, but the noise ruined the experience. The doors are very noisy and you hear every door on your floor shut.",1
7199, April 2017,Stay Away. Trust Me.,"Yuck. What a dark and loud hotel. Terrible service - the lines at the Front Desk looked like the lines for Space Mountain at Disneyland. I politely asked an employee to get more people to work the desk. That didn't go over well! I truly don't understand how the NYC Fire Department allows such small and tight spaces, hallways and rooms. Stay somewhere else. Trust me.",1
7200, May 2017,"Good rate, great interent, dusty room","Food court is awesome in the hotel lobby, check-in was like Zootopia with sloths checking you in. Internet speed was awesome. Room was ok but hadn't been dusted in I don't know how long. Would possibly stay hedre again.",3
7201, May 2017,Great hotel,"At checkin I met Zac. He was awesome. Very personable and approachable. I originally booked a room with a view and then at checkin zac upgraded me to a room with premium view. The room was great. Exactly what was needed. Had a nice view of the city. It is in a great area. Very close to Times Square. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who's looking for a trendy, reasonable priced hotel! Always check their website for the best deal. Thank you. Next time I visit NYC this will be my go to hotel!",4
7202, May 2017,Business trip,"Very central hotel, but I would not recommand the place if you want to sleep in a quite environment. soundproofing is not efficient at all. You can hear a permanent noise coming from the town. You can hear the next room if they are speaking... Otherwise the people are nice, the hotel is clean.",3
7203, April 2017,Very Nice!,"Great hotel. great location, great people, great vibes. I love it! The lobby is full of music, and there is a breakfast bar that serves breakfast until 11 at a cost. This is a nice place to stay if you want to be in the middle of the action.",5
7204, April 2017,perfect location,"Small room but nice interieur. Very clean. Fast Internet. Few steps to Times Square, Metro Station on the other side of the street. Lobby very busy, and not as clean as could be. I would go there again.",4
7205, April 2017,Fantastic location & funky,"Row NYC is fabulously located close to Times Square, Broadway, Madison Square Garden & Central Park (just to name a few). The rooms are modern and comfortable, and the elevator system seems to work very efficiently. The complimentary wifi is also high speed which makes for easy research. The only downside to Row NYC is that it appeared to be very popular among large travel groups, which can make for a long wait to check-in or to consult the concierge for any questions regarding your visit NYC.",4
7206, April 2017,Do not go to that hotel! They despise their customers,We arrived at the hotel at 1 pm and they did not give us our room because it was oversold. We only traveled for 3 nights and we had to go to Manhattan to finish at another hotel that was worth $ 400 a night.,1
7207, April 2017,Another booking system pls as bookings.com.and.yours.doesnt correlate.,Good location.poor reservation system via bookings.com.send from one place to another.to get dubble reseravtionation fee back.going to take.more than 2 weeks.to get the.money.back.poor time delay on email responses. Overall....next time I wil use another hotel for direct bookings.poor info about things to do.,3
7208, April 2017,Great location and accomodations to experience the magic of NYC.,"Location, location, location. Located close to Times Square, the infamous Carmine's restaurant, Dallas BBQ, Iron Bar, Juniors, and several playhouses, just to name a few. We were upgraded from two twins to two doubles with eight full service elevators programmed to individual floors for more convenience. The front desk staff was very accommodating and friendly. We even saw them in action handling a very unhappy, profanity laced tirade from a guest. Kudos to the staff for remaining calm and handling the situation professionally. Enjoyed having our picture taken and exhibited on the photo cubes in the lobby.",4
7209, April 2017,Worst Experience at ROW NYC,"I’ve stayed in hotels all over the world for 20+ years. I always do my research, read reviews and make sure the accommodation suits my needs. Despite this, among all of the hotels I’ve ever stayed at, the ROW NYC stands out as the worst experience I’ve ever had. Initially, I’d been excited for my stay. I booked it (a five-night stay, two months in advance) because ROW NYC had close proximity to the subway, a lobby bar where I hoped to meet other travelers, and a spin cycle studio (I’d just earned my certification so was eager to keep up with it). It was perfect. One week before I left, my credit card changed. I considered calling the hotel, but I was still getting emails from ROW NYC saying ""we're excited for your stay!"". I figured if there was a problem, they would let me",1
7210, April 2017,Disappointing!,"The hotel room was clean enough, could have been better but was passable. The heater didn't work and it was really cold so wanted to put on. Advised by reception it would be sorted whilst we were out, however on our return it was still other working so advised reception again and was again told someone would be up to rectify. No one ever came and the heater never worked. Bathroom clean. Room fairly small for a double queen room. Noise from outside but hey its on Times Square. It is central to everything and at the heart of city life.",3
7211, April 2017,Good for the price and location,"Booked this room through bookings.com. We had a huge problem with the way it was charged as the hotel charged us twice and the customer service was very poor. It was very hard to get connected with someone at the hotel and not only did they not just cancel the second reservation which was THEIR fault, they had to charge us twice then give us one refund. It was a very big hassle for us because of the foreign exchange with the currency. Aside from reading many horrifying reviews online about this hotel, it was actually decent once we got there. Check in was very quick and the staff that we encountered were very nice. The place is very clean, only the air conditioning was very annoying. The hotel is situated in a very convenient location. Would come back.",4
7212, March 2017,"Excellent service, fun bar","Raphael the bartender was amazing! His service was much, much appreciated, and made my 40th Birthday trip to the City so much fun. Check in was quick and easy, and extremely accommodating. City View rooms are available, and I highly recommend choosing this option.",5
7213, November 2016,"Good location, but thats about it.","We had high hopes for this hotel as the lobby gave off a good first impression and the location was excellent. Checking itself was quite disorganized, as nobody seemed to know which line to stand in. The room was ok at best, with dirty towels and being very loud concerding we were on the 14th floor. We didn't feel the need to complain at the time as we were eager to get out and explore the city. Luckily we were only staying there for one night. Even though the location was great, I would have just stayed in a hostel with a similar location for a lot cheaper.",2
7214, April 2017,Great hotel,Raphael in the District M lounge was awesome! But would suggest putting on the games (Yankees or other NY teams) instead of running the slide show continuously. The hotel itself is in a perfect location! Would definitely stay here again.,4
7215, April 2017,Nice stay at a great hotel,We loved the bar with live music at night. Also that the hotel was so central and within walking distance to most central activities of Manhattan area. The service and information from the concierge service was excellent and gave us qualified information and tips.,4
7216, April 2017,New York,Great location. Good lift location service. Helpfully and polite staff. Air conditioning in the rooms helped with a great nights sleep. Lots of people coming and going all the time. Busy Hotel - but still no mess no fuss - made the trip.,5
7217, April 2017,Ok for price,"Small rooms but great location. The check in line was a long wait but staff was nice. Bed was probably the weakest part of our stay, was dip in the middle so not great for he back. All in all seems to be ok for The price. Food court in lobby was good to keep cost of food down. Closets are pretty much non-existent, had enough space to hang two jackets and a shirt. Very very small space. Hotel lobby has live music some nights which was a nice touch . Make sure you're aware of extra resort fees as they do add up.",4
7218, April 2017,I'll be back,"Good price for an excellent location. A group of friends decided to have an experience in NYC, and the staff at ROW Hotel make this an unforgettable stay. The staff was always willing to help. Good quality and service for an reasonable price.",4
7219, April 2017,My room had roaches,"I’ll start that I tried to review this hotel through hotels.com (through whom I booked my stay) but they rejected my review . My stay here was a spur of the moment trip with my daughter. When I looked at the hotel’s management company’s (Highgate) website, it was listed as one of their luxury properties, which is what I wanted – a luxurious hotel. Sadly, it was not. My room was bright and spacious. And while my room was tidy it was not clean. The linens were stained and the tub was not clean. The tub appeared to be clean but when I drew a bath there was a lot of particles floating in the water, including hair that couldn’t possibly be mine. However, this is not my biggest complaint. The hotel appears to have a serious roach problem. I’ve stayed in the city many, many",1
7220, April 2017,Small rooms,"Small double beds, internet not included - should be, sentrally placed, noisy due to this, nice cleaning personell, nice consierge service. This was our first trip to NYC and the overall perception is good :)",3
7221, April 2017,The Place to Stay When Visiting New York City,"This was my second stay at Row NYC. As always, guest services was fantastic, offering a smooth and flawless check in. I had a premium King suite which was clean, spacious, and gave me fantastic City views. It had a separate living area which made it super roomy. I had the pleasure of meeting Aaron Collins who happened to pass by the restaurant downstairs, District M. He was so courteous and made sure we were taken care of, and even helped us select our meal depending on our tastes. Throughout our stay, he remembered our faces, and always made it a point to acknowledge us, and make sure we were enjoying our time at the hotel. Location is superb with everything just outside our door. I couldn't be happier - Row NYC is the only place I will stay when visiting NY.",5
7222, April 2017,Loved it,Everything was perfect from check in to check out! The front desk clerk was very friendly and welcoming. The hotel is in the perfect location. I liked the water station right outside my room. The bed was super comfy.,5
7223, April 2017,Fantastic location,Fantastic location and generaly the hotel is good. i don´t like de room. you have a lot of coffee and Shops for shopping. Very close to 5th avenue and a bit of everything. Subway 100 meters and close to everything in NYC.,3
7224, May 2017,No service failure recovery,"I was booked at this hotel for a company training event. 14 days. At check in the routing for the room and tax was not set up correctly for my room that was paid in full. As a result, I was delayed for an additional 2 hours, after a 9 hour travel day to get into my room. This was a failure on my company's role for not verifying that everything was correct for billing, and a failure on the hotel sales and operations staff to ensure that the details of a 12 room, 14 day stay room block was not completely correct. Upon getting into the room, I noticed the following problems. I am 6'2"" 244 lbs. the location of the toilet and the space in the bathroom is severely inadequate. The bathroom floor had paint chips and reminents of bathroom tissue on the floor. The mirror was not clean.",2
7225, April 2017,trip to newyork,"overall clean and comfortable staff in bar were rude to my daughter who i had taken for her 21st birthday the first night we were there she was served an alcoholic drink as was i then the second night was asked for id but was told that they had seen her drinking the night before and didnt ask but decide to that night what a joke would have i really of taken her to a bar knowing that you have to be 21 before you can drink then told my daughter that it sucks as she said i have to fetch my id from 12floor,but the hotel was clean room could have been bigger but nice hotel overall .checking in was a bit of a nightmare but could have been expected with the amount of people they have to deal with and when we got to the desk our man dougie was more than helpful .",3
7226, April 2017,"Great experience, good location","Very good services, good location. Staff very kind and available. A little bit noisy but we are close to time square.. Very clean and good value for money. Internet and phone call included in bedroom price, that's amazing",4
7227, April 2017,excellent location,We had a fabulous stay recently. The location is great. We initially had a room on floor 10 with no view but on check-in were offered to come back the next day to a view room. This room was on floor 22 and had a fab view. The complimentary toileteries were lovely. I would definately recommend this hotel.,5
7228, May 2017,What type of stay are you looking for?,"The Row hotel is dead center in the time square area. It is a super busy area with tons of people everywhere. We stayed here for a business trip and it was not what I wanted for a business trip. This hotel is note terrible it just depends what your purpose is for staying here. Like I stated earlier, we stayed here for a business trip. So after working 12 hours we wanted to come to a nice clean and quiet place. We got here and it was super busy. The staff was super nice and helpful and every single staff member I came in contact with was super nice! The queue to check in is always long specially around 3-7pm. Getting to the room in the elevators is a bit of a process since there are a ton of people waiting for them. I believe there are about 8 elevators but it still took a while",3
7229, April 2017,Average,I was totally not impressed with this hotel. The only staff that was really good were the bellmen. This hotel was average. Small rooms. Bad keys. Confusing and inconvenient elevators. You can't go between floors. Overall blah.,3
7230, April 2017,Most bang for your buck!,"The location is great for the theatre. We were able to get a parking coupon online for the icon lot just around the corner. It was awesome having coffee , bagel and fruit in the morning. Check in and out was easy. Our room was ready a little earlier than anticipated.😊",4
7231, April 2017,Great location for Broadway theatres,"The Row NYC is a terrific location for Broadway theatres, dining, transportation and Times Square! The adjoining City Kitchen food court is wonderful, and you never have a very long wait for the elevators!",4
7232, April 2017,Wonderful hotel !,"Centrally located , excellent staff , excellent cleanliness Modern and quite rooms. Nice and comfortable the water bags , Useful water distributor at the hotel 24 hours services Concierge available all the day and very professional ! Thank you",5
7233, April 2017,"Nice exterior, disappointing interior","My expectations of this hotel was of a high quality to which made me excited to arrive but sadly once I checked in and entered my room I was unfortunately unimpressed and disappointed! The 1st room I was given was small, unclean and very noisy. Not only was the air conditioning loud but my window was next to a huge outside industrial fan. Once I requested a room change, I was then given a 2nd room to which had an old food smell, still unclean (with a broken drawer stuffed with dirty, used tissues) and noisy with the outside fan still over powering my experience. Due to the time of day, I was informed that I would need be able to change rooms again until tomorrow afternoon when other had checked out and rooms were available. At this point I could sense the staff getting quite",2
7234, May 2017,Great service!,"I was trapped in NYC because of the snow storm and found this hotel online. The reception staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially especially Zac and German, and the room was very comfortable. Brilliant location!",5
7235, April 2017,"Great Location, Ok Hotel","The hotel itself was nothing to brag about. The check in and check out process was good but I think we lucked out because many times we were in the lobby and the check in lines were very long. Our ""City View"" was not worth the extra money, even it if was a minimal amount. They advertising pictures show like the rooms light up, non existent - marketing ploy.",3
7236, April 2017,Need improvement,Check in. Breakfast. Bed broken Room was given away.room was paid for by company. First night I was sent to Paramount in the rain. Return in the morning credit card would not hold full amount of new hotel tax plus upgrade that was for two beds because of hold of funds at Paramount. Unfair treatment of paying customer.,2
7237, April 2017,Two nights is just enough here!,Great for quick two nights in Times Square / NYC broadway district! Unfortunately We had very noisey room set on 5th floor above very noisey street... that said it it is a location thing so probably wouldve been the same in all of hotel! Hvac system also very noisey when in use! Bedroom was clean and tidy with all necessary amenities - no tea and coffee and breakfast wasn't included! Tried hotel facilities downstairs but as you can imagine that was not cheap... would recommend to try Starbucks which is a hop skip and a jump away and half the price! ...With nicer coffee and oatmeal! Great position for access to all of what NYC has to offer just far to noisey for us.,3
7238, December 2016,LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - that's about it,"This hotel is all about the location, and because of this the rest of the hotel seems to think that's enough. Now i agree that a hotel is somewhere to relax after a day exploring but to be greeted by rude staff is not great after 12 hours of travelling. Then to be told you owe us money as soon as you walk in - manners cost nothing. The room was dirty and small, if you like EXTREMELY busy hotels then this is for you. Personally i like somewhere more relaxing after having busy days. It does seem that you are doing the hotel a favour as we just kept finding all the staff so rude and not helpful at all. The doorman also seems to have issues hailing a cab - maybe this is because of Uber but this shouldn't be a guests problem. For location as ive said - I would highly recommend.",3
7239, April 2017,"Good hotel, great location","Hotel was good, clean, staff friendly and location wise fantastic. City kitchen is a must if you want a quick breakfast. We were happy that we got a bigger room as I'm guessing cos we were staying for 8 nights but it was a lovely upgrade.",5
7240, April 2017,Something has to be worth it,"Stayed in this hotel as my travel agency booked it for my 2 nights of stay. Hotel lobby is very busy and crowded most of the times. Also I could see it was an old property due to many stains and cracks on the walls, ceilings and furniture. It does not mean the room was not clean, however would not recommend to people who are picky with room conditions and cleanness. Before my arrival, sent an e-mail with some requests and questions. I received my reply with short answers without a warm or welcoming message. It was not different while I was staying in the hotel. It was clear that I was bothering the staff during my interactions with Front Desk, Concierge and Guest Services. Once, I was hoping Concierge would help me with recommendation and booking, but I think I was",2
7241, May 2017,The Row,"This hotel has a good location..walking distance from Port Authority. The prices are very reasonable for NYC. However, it is very, very noisy . If possible they 'upgrade' you to a higher floor, but don't think that solves the continuous noise all night long. Also, it is very busy. Check in line was very long and slow.",3
7242, April 2017,Weekend Getaway,"My friend and I stayed here when we visited new York this past weekend to see a Broadway show. The staff was friendly and attentive. The room was small, but not cramped. City Kitchen was on the on the expensive side, but everything else was great!",4
7243, April 2017,13th birthday surprise,"My husband and I surprised our daughter with a trip to NYC for her 13th birthday. I'd rate the hotel with a solid three stars. My 13 year old doesn't know the difference between ROW NYC the more extravagant hotel experiences, so for the significant cost savings, I'd say it was a good fit for our family. Oh - but our view just barely met the ""city view"" standard. Yes, we had a city view if you stood at the window and craned your neck to the right. ;)",3
7244, April 2017,Fantastic Service!!,"We encountered difficulty with our reservation during check in as my credit card had been compromised due to fraud. The rep at the desk, Junior, bent over backwards to restore our reservation, and even remembered my daughter's birthday with a complimentary fruit basket. He was the key to our stress free stay at the ROW. Great location and very nice accommodation, but cannot say enough about JUNIOR!!!",5
7245, April 2017,"VERY GOOD LOCATION, SERVICE AND STAFF","I appreciated my stay, thank's to your professional staff The location is perfect , easy to come from JFK Airport with metro line just at the corner of the street and lot of taxis in front of the hotel. It's a warm and modern hotel.",5
7246, April 2017,Okarina Wine Tour,Improve communication in reception. Reception did not know that we are a group but porterage service did know and charge us for the service we did not need. Guests were charged for hotel tax that should be paid by travel agent that made reservation.,2
7247, April 2017,Good value,"It's not perfect, but it's a fun spot with lots of life and all the bustle and excitement you'd expect out of a hotel in the theater district near Times Square. Very convenient if you're driving in via the Lincoln tunnel. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Room was a little dinged up, but clean and comfortable. We had our two daughters with us - having City Kitchen and Sugar Factory connected to the hotel was incredibly convenient. The hotel bar and seating area were always full of guests. A quiet space, you will not find, but that's not why you come to NYC is it?",4
7248, April 2017,Good Nice staff,"Nice hotel but could use more cleaning hallways are old and a little shabby and the lobby could use better maintenance, our stay was amazing and we had amazing experiences with the staff both manager and the one of the bell boys very helpful and considerate staff ;)",4
7249, April 2017,A visit to The Row,Location can't be beat. Room was very clean and comfortable. Very reasonable rates. My only complaint is that the wait in line to check in was a rather long time but the desk clerk was very pleasant and efficient..,4
7250, April 2017,Ok but not impressed,"Hotel was clean & staff was fairly friendly. Nice that they will hold your bags before checkin or after checkout. Hotel was very crowded and congested in lobby areas. Bar drinks were pretty expensive but it is NYC. Nice that they had the little restaurants to grab a quick bite but not a huge selection or much seating. Bed was very soft, which I liked but husband prefers firm so that's personal preference. Bedroom area was decent size but bathroom was tiny! There was a radiator in front of the toilet so you had to sort of turn to the side to fit your legs. Bathroom was untidy upon checkin and there were no batteries in the TV remote. We had a corner room so it was rather noisy but the double window shades were great to keep out the light. Elevators are quite cramped but at least",3
7251, April 2017,Hated it!,The staff was the rudest peI please I have ever met nor were they the least bit helpful truly suckes to sat the very least. The girl that checked us in (our first time staying) barely said two words to us. We waited an hour for Vallet. And we hax.no.idea how to use the elevator and the lady standing right next to it didn't care,1
7252, April 2017,ROW 04252017 Trip,Great value and key location. Old hotel and building that has been modernized with a trendy style. Always very crowded. My biggest complaint is that they never seem to have enough front desk personnel to handle the long check-in/check-out lines. Search discounts online and book early for the best deals.,4
7253, April 2017,"Bad Service, Rude Employees and Cockroaches!!!","Actually, have provided the room I reserved and not another one, have staffed the front desk appropriately so there was not a 25-minute wait to check in. Actually, provide electronic check-in as advertised. Clean the hotel so there are not Cockroaches that run across my feet while I'm in the room. Staff the front desk appropriately so there isn’t a wait to check out. Actually address my concern instead of patronizing me with fake concern and surprise. ANSWER THE PHONE!!!!!! I have left several messages and am still waiting for a phone call back to have a receipt for my trip emailed to me for my expense report. This has been a terrible experience.",1
7254, April 2017,Great!,"We had a really great stay. Hotel is beautiful, staff is very kind and helpfull! Zac gave us a room upgrade, very nice! We will come back again. The location was great, only 1 block away from Times Square and subway stations.",5
7255, April 2017,Great location and Nice big room..,Sharing my German Cousin's Comments of their Hotel... Very much in the center of things.. Great for help in Seeing all that can be seen in three days... With two children.. Found it easy to travel around the city to the sights we wanted to see.... And back to the room for the kids to nap.. Great for out of Towner's.. Foreigners... Great food at the Restaurant.. and lots of Restaurants close by... Based on being with them on there journey...,5
7256, April 2017,So disappointed!,"I was terribly disappointed. I booked a premium city view room which is supposedly the highest floors according to their website. Well, we were on the 8th floor overlooking a roof. I tried to call the front desk to complain and no one answered. I went down to the front desk and the line was huge. So I just gave up. In addition, the night stands were all sticky and someone had spilled a drink ages ago that was never cleaned up into one of the drawers of the night stand. Online checkout didn't work so I had to wait in line to do that. II complained about the view and they took off the facility fee. Guess that was the best they could do. Never again... Skip it!",1
7257, May 2017,Sister holiday,"From the moment we checked in to check out was amazing 👌🏻always awesome coming back to this awesome hotel right in the centre of every thing New York has to offer . Soon as we checked in we got a amazing upgrade thanks to the mint receptionist 💪🏻👌🏻a big thank you !!! The room was massive for a New York hotel , always clean and staff very friendly and warm , welcoming too . This hotel has every thing you need in a hotel free wifi, good coffee and great food in there bar and restaurant. I will be definitely coming back here next year 👌🏻 A BIG thank you to the hotel team 👌🏻",5
7258, April 2017,New York is too busy for me,Not the greatest as we had booked the hotel and on arrival was told that the double room was not available and would have to move to an other room in two days. Bell persons stood around talking not helping with bags.,3
7259, June 2016,In the middle of the city,"If you want to stay close to Times Square and 5th Avenue, this is the best place where you can stay. Also the musical/jazz nights are entertaining. You don't need taxi and you will not miss the way back to the hotel to visit the whole Manhattan.",4
7260, April 2017,clean - well located - reasonable,good value - well located - friendly service - disappointed there was no late night bar or restaurant open in the lobby but all in all nice room and quiet especially in the rooms on high floors .. all in all 4out of 5,4
7261, April 2017,Hustle and Bustle....And all that Jazz!,"Well, The Row was completely as advertised! Hear is my tale of the good and the bad. Overall, you get what you pay for, and I can't complain. The Good: Location, Location, Location - If you want to be close to Time Square and everything wonderful the theatre district has to offer, I really don't think you can get a better location. The elevators: modern and fast - I've never seen an elevator system like this. It was fast and effecient. Maid service - Our room was efficieintly made up every day. When we arrived there were no bath towels in the room. I called, they arrived within 5 minutes. Breakfast: We got the $1 breakfast package. What a great deal! Food is SO expensive in NYC. We saved atleast $20 per day doing this, and the pastries were great! Also, not too many",4
7262, April 2017,vacation,"excellent service ! I can't say anything bad about my stay . location , friendly , food kitchen made it convent for snack , coffee, and bar in the lobby nice to relax. guard at night checking room keys .. was a plus . felt safer. overall good experience.",5
7263, April 2017,NYC visit,"We have just stayed here for 7 nights. The hotel is in a good location. Room is clean and tidy and hotel is also. The hotel is very busy but they are very helpful. Rooms are a little on the small side, but at the end of the day you only need the room to sleep. Would recommend.",4
7264, April 2017,420 Row NYC,"I've been utilizing the Row NYC since it was the Milford, so 5+ yrs and have seen it transform itself into a perfect hotel for business and R&R. The latest addition to the Row is the City Kitchen; great food when you don't want to venture out after a long day. The new rooms are comfortable and reasonably priced",5
7265, April 2017,excellent location,The hotel rooms were a little old and small but perfect location in the city and for what we needed. The breakfast that came with the room was excellent and more than enough.I only wish that they had decaf coffee - only decaf lattes.,5
7266, April 2017,Loud and awful,We stayed here and never slept once. Our floor was a group who were noisy all night every night. Mgmt and security did NOTHING to keep the noise down. I would avoid this place and find a better hotel next time!,1
7267, April 2017,Good place to stay . Near Broadway,Rooms of a decent size for New York great location valet parking everything was clean and organized great shower has a funky vibe Staff very helpful beds and sheets were extremely comfortable good place,5
7268, April 2017,"Location, Location!!!","This is the second time me and my son, stayed at the Row Hotel. I booked a twin room, and was pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a Deluxe City View w/ 2 Dble beds. They were so comfortable. You cannot beat the location. You have to stay here!",5
7269, April 2017,Not enough respect for the guests,"Great location, but the hotel was a mess. Upon the arrival (late in the night), we were told that the hotel is sold out and they have to relocate us to another hotel (even though it was a pre-paid booking!). And it was not only us, two other families who tried to check in at the same time were told the same and were relocated as well. We were told it was due to some rooms being out of order and all other rooms being totally booked - but how many rooms can be out of order at once?? So not only we supposed to go to some other hotel in the middle of the night after 12 hours of travelling, we also did not have any room ready for us until 4pm the next day - we supposed to keep our luggages in their luggage room and wander around the city without really having had settled it until",2
7270, April 2017,Poor,Location is great but Rooms are small and noisy. Check in lines are very long ...staff is not customer friendly ...very average stay ....changing the room was an arduous process...had to stand in the queue for 25 minutes ...remove all the luggage and wait for 5 hours for the new room which was much better...staff is unfriendly and seemed grouchy and grumpy,2
7271, April 2017,Black People Are Not Safe at Row NYC,"$400 for 5 1/2 hours was not worth it. The money is not the issue. My grievance has everything to do how my partner was racially profiled and harassed while waiting for me to arrive. A guard approached him twice requesting my partner show his reservation info. When asked why he was being questioned, the guard cited the ""no loitering"" policy.",2
7272, April 2017,"Great location, helpful stuff, and long queues to check in","My husband and I stayed here for my birthday. Hotel has a great location and we had everything. Hotel is a very busy all the time, since it is a popular easy place to stay for all. The hotel needs to have more staff on hand for checking in and in the luggage storage place. Queues in both places were extremely long, and as I noticed, were long all the time Liked prompt update for the room.",3
7273, April 2017,Row hotel in NYC,"Rooms bigger than what I thought ! Very nice people and good proximity to Times Square , theater and Hell's Kitchen! Kinky. Lots broadway musical just a block away and by the way was excellent!! The elevator system is different so definitely ask for a room away from the elevators",4
7274, April 2017,SO CONVENIENT !!,"If you're coming to NYC to see theatre and want to be centrally located for daily excursions, the ROW is a perfect fit. The streets below are noisy and the entry area is crowded - but it's in the heart of the hustle and bustle and so convenient.",4
7275, April 2017,In the heart of Broadway,"I was so pleased to be within easy walking distance of ALL major venues. The Imperial (Great Comet) a 2 minute walk. The Palace (Sunset Boulevard) a 5 minute walk. The room I had was small, but clean and comfortable. I was only sleeping here and not entertaining so it was more than adequate. Check-in was fast; staff was friendly. Price was very reasonable.",4
7276, April 2017,Excellent Location,"Stayed at the Row NYC for 8 nights while in NYC to go to Broadway Shows. It was so great to be able to walk one block, or less to the shows we were seeing. It is conveniently located by numerous Subway stops, restaurants and Port Authority. The Housekeeping staff was always friendly when you passed them in the halls. The room was clean. The Pizza at District M was really good. We would definitely stay at the Row again.",5
7277, April 2017,Perfect sense.,"If you have only a few days to make the most of New York, welcome to Row! With an itinerary of Art, Theatre, Jazz and Food, this find was God sent, with Big Bus rides at yr doorstep literally. We had the most amazing time despite the cold drizzle, and enjoyed each day to the maximum that included a 5mnt walk to Times Square, and Birdland everynight to end the day with. We did try to extend our stay by two nights, unfortunately the hotel was sold out! Row Rocks!",5
7278, April 2017,Perfect choice,"Near to time square .. excellent amaxing nice experience, i would like to came back there again next time. Near you can find also many bus to go everywhere in manhattan. Friendly staff, nice bar indide..",5
7279, April 2017,Tiny Beds and Bathrooms,"Good location near but not in Times Square, but beware the full sized beds and the tiniest tub I've ever seen. Don't eat breakfast there- it will cost you twice what it was outside the hotel. Loud traffic noise on Friday night.",3
7280, April 2017,Fun affordable getaway,"Great location, comfortable beds, nice people, great food court and bar right near Times Square. Rooms are on the small side, but comfortable beds. Big TV. Cute bartenders. Jazz played in the lobby on Thursday night, fun.",5
7281, April 2017,"Great location, helpful staff","My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and had a blast, it has a great location and everything you need for where you are. It was extremely busy the entire time, with many different ages and groups so obviously a popular easy place to stay for all. Staff were friendly and helpful. Be prepared for long queues checking in and often a bit of a wait coming down with elevators.",4
7282, April 2017,First trip to NYC,"This was our first visit to NYC and we couldn't have chose a better hotel to stay at. It was clean, the staff were friendly and the location was central to everywhere. The hotel is large yet very quiet at night.",5
7283, April 2017,Decent hotel,"This is a huge hotel. Lots going on. Some of the staff were friendly, others weren't. Overall very pleased with the room itself, despite a strange curry smell in the hallway. It's in a convenient location with lots going on in the surrounding area.",4
7284, April 2017,Never again,"The hotel is in an excellent location on 8AV, between 44st and 45st, but this is the only good reason to stay here. The service was bad as I had to wait almost 1 hour in line for check in.. Wireless internet was on and off, mostly off. I was charged for $180 for a selection of services I DID NOT USE!!! And worst of all, I have told all this to the reception but they did not care at all. Not recommended!!",1
7285, April 2017,Small room,"We were transferred but the room was smaller than the original room, we, the family, expected a similar room from the original room that was booked, but got disappointed. We could have enjoyed more our stay in the hotel if it was the same size as the previous one.",3
7286, April 2017,"Friendly, Safe, & Convenient","This location was great for my friend and I-- it was easy to get from and to the bus stations we needed to get in and out of town and it was close to Times Square. The space itself was clean, comfortable, safe, and quiet. Those attending us were friendly and professional. There is no mini-fridge available in the rooms, so plan accordingly. For an affordable stay downtown, this was a great spot for us. No mini-fridge available in the rooms, plan accordingly.",5
7287, March 2017,hotel was dirty,I stayed at hotel and was not pleased. The carpets in the hallways were all ripped up and the paint was chipping. Also the plug in my room didn't work so i couldn't charge my phone. I will not stay there again - i stayed across the street at the intercontinental for my next trip and highly recommend.,1
7288, April 2017,Disapponted,"Extremly loud airconditioner! No Refrigerator, no kettle on the room but when told they come whit one. The cleaners did't replace schampoo mm if you did't told them. The only good thing was the beds, they where very soft and comfy...",2
7289, April 2017,It ain't Ralph tho,"Shout out to Raphael, best bartender I have ever encountered. Made my stay tolerable. He serves bottled Budweisers like no other! The lounge area in the hotel was very chill with their live music and overall nice ambiance. Although the menu wasn't very extensive the food I ordered on both occasions were delicious. The hotel itself is a different story. I could barely walk in to my room it was so tiny and don't even get my started on the bathroom... Check in was horrendous. I think I waited longer at check in than I did for Hamilton Tickets! Don't recommend. But do recommend the hotel bar.",5
7290, April 2017,"Hotel is wack, bar is lit","The hotel bar, District M, was suuuuper lit thanks to the amazing bartender Raphael. If he sees this ask him to marry me. His drinks and service were always on point. Probably the best bartender I have ever had in my life. If you go there try the mulberry street pizza, it was deliciousssss!! I wouldn't stay here again or recommend it to a friend but I will definitely be returning to the bar which deserve more than 5 stars.",5
7291, April 2017,Total disaster from check in till they sold my room out from under me,"Checked in about 2PM was told my room would not be ready to 4PM. Pre-paid this room with a credit card. I was told I could pick up my key when room was ready. Had to speak at an event at 5PM so left with my luggage and went to engagement. Got back at 10PM to find out they had resold my room, they claim I never had checked in. I was hardly amused. I was not the only one, there were others in line equally as astonished and homeless. The Manager was a moron as was the whole staff. Bottom line they over book this hotel like they do the airlines, Great locations but terrible operation. The worst I have encountered in years of travel....Say NO to Row",1
7292, April 2017,ONLY thing good is the BAR,I had to make that my title so it's not misleading. Hotel is a solid negative ZERO 0. But the bar is LITTTT and 100/10. The bartender Raphael was and is amazing. Totally fell in love with him and the perfect cocktails he created EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. I work in the hospitality industry so I mean it when I say BEST.BARTENDER.EVER.,5
7293, April 2017,"good value, good location, good overall experience","The hotel is convenient to theater district, good restaurants, subway and bus terminal. Rooms are small but well appointed and very clean. Nothing was out of order. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly and courteous.",4
7294, April 2017,Just plain awful!!!,We demanded our money back after just one night and moved to the Edison Hotel. The worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The hotel smelled. The water machine in the hall was filthy. The room was dirty. Extremely small room. Door looked like someone threw up on it. Customer beware.,1
7295, April 2017,Liars,"After telling us we had no more charges, they charged us secretly with no notice after check out. We even got out deposit back so it wasn't because anything was damaged either. They just randomly charged a card with no reason.",2
7296, April 2017,Last time in row ny,"The check in is at 4 pm. They force you to pay a very expensive mandatory fee in order to use Internet and phone calls, even if you don't want to use the service. You need to wait for long lines in order to check In. I visit NY 2 or 3 times a year. But for sure this is my last in row ny",2
7297, April 2017,Mixed review,"I have a mixed review of Row NYC. Overall, i thought it was fine. The hotel is a good, but busy, location. We were there with our 2 young kids, and I would describe it as busy and loud -- maybe more for the young, hip traveler than for a family. The prices were great - rooms small but that's to be expected in NYC. They need to do something major with their elevator system. We waited over 30 minutes to get an elevator the morning we were checking out. If we didn't have our bags, I would have climbed down the 18 flights of stairs rather than waiting.",3
7298, April 2017,Row NYC wow!,"Just had an amazing 3-night stay at Row NYC Hotel. The staff members we encountered were friendly,helpful and very professional! Everyone helped to make the stay pleasant and memorable. Would definitely recommend ......",5
7299, April 2017,Loved this hotel!,I loved staying at this hotel. The location was perfect and my favorite was the cafeteria area with DELICIOUS food. We ate there 3 times during our stay and loved it every time. The hotel was in a convenient location and I highly recommend.,5
7300, April 2017,satisfied,"I could have wonderful days,as nobody bothered me. Though it was very noisy place, I did'nt feel bad.Inside of the room,no sounds came in. If possible,it's better to keep more fashionable infront of the entrance, as so many tourists sat on bench. It's not good for first impression, I thought.",3
7301, April 2017,Location only !,"If you just care about location this is your hotel. Dirty, Disorganized and not worth price. This hotel is a poor execution in a great location. The right attitude would make this hotel awesome. I hope you get it right.",2
7302, April 2017,Recommended,I recently stayed at the Row Hotel with three other friends the room was clean the staff was very helpful and the location was perfect( it's about seven minutes away from times square) also don't forget to go to the sugar factory inside the hotel the gummy worm drink is delicious !!!,5
7303, April 2017,B,"Staff was kind, but check in was so SLOW (we were in line for a hour+), and rooms were so SMALL. Our room in particular had a really bad bathroom - it was so small and toilet had to be flushed 3 times before it would function properly. Still, a decent stay for a few nights.",3
7304, April 2017,Great Location,The perfect place to stay if you love theater. Centrally located to all theaters for Rush Ticket purposes and close to TKTS. The rooms were clean and staff was friendly. The elevator system was one of the most efficient systems; no long waits!,5
7305, April 2017,Great Place to Stay,"Fantastic service, great prices and the hotel rooms were great....stay at ROW NYC! Great location for Midtown Manhattan...... you'll be happy with your choice. Great restaurants and theatre location. .",5
7306, April 2017,Review Row NYC Hotel,"I got reservation for 1 day.Row NYC Hotel is near time square.The hotel room is convenience and modern but small.I heard noise from another room all night.Although I have a little problem,I like Row NYC Hotel.",4
7307, April 2017,A no-brainer!,"In addition to competitive prices, great location, and clean rooms, this time we got a great view. This is about the seventh time we have stayed here and we always leave satisfied with the whole experience.",5
7308, April 2017,Convenience,Fast check in and check out. Very near to Time Square. The NYC city kitchen restaurant is very delicious. The bedrooms are so tiny so get a 2 bed room. And ask for room farther from elevators. I wasn't happy that the guest service is not available to answer calls when I tried calling from my hotel room at 11pm. Very busy hotel.,4
7309, April 2017,Worse experience in NYC,"Paper thin walls , very noisy in the halls late at night, terrible greasy breakfast without any smile. Very sad, because very good location on Times Square. Never going to go back, many other choice in New York.",1
7310, April 2017,Same old bad hotel,"Went on a business trip and booked this hotel for the location and the room photos. Later I noticed that this was the Milford Hotel remodeled and hoped this experience was better than the one I had in the past. Wrong! I asked to change rooms after the first night because I couldn't sleep at all because of the noise on the sides and top of my room. I was asked to take my luggage out of the room to the luggage holding area as if doing a check out at 12:00 noon and wait until 4:00 for a new room. I explained I needed my room at 2:00 to get ready for my business appointment but was told that they couldn't guarantee that it was going to be available at that hour. Although I explained this was not a new check in and that I had 3 nights already paid for and needed my room a 2:00, what",1
7311, April 2017,great price for a great location,"The location was great, the staff was very friendly and the lobby is very modern. The room was somewhat small but to be expected in NYC. Check-in in advance to skip the line at the desk. Hallway was somewhat noisy.",4
7312, April 2017,Good location however...,"No surprise, the room was very small and the bathroom even smaller. We opted to pay extra for a ""city view"" and despite being on the 10th floor we could hear everything going on outside. Each night I turned the heat way down so the fan would run to drown out the street noise. My biggest gripe is there is NO where in this hotel to get coffee prior to 6:30 am. The last morning they were late opening and it was 6:45 before coffee was available. I was told by the very abrupt hotel clerk that coffee was ava. 24/7 on every street corner. If they can't provide a coffee maker in the room I would suggest somewhere coffee be available much earlier! I did very much like the ""city kitchen"" concept and really fast elevators.",3
7313, April 2017,Great Place for a Short Stay,"We got into the hotel late due to the timing of our flight, and they were very accommodating over the phone to ensure we would be able to check in. My friend and I stayed in a double twin room. The cost was very good considering we were staying in New York City. The location was great for our theater, the variety of restaurants nearby, as well as big sights like Top of the Rock and Central Park.",4
7314, April 2017,Do not stay here,Check in took 45 mins. Employees walking around looking at the line and doing nothing. the room was noisy and I could not sleep (sounded like a motor). I asked to change my room and was denied and was offered earplugs. Every staff member I came across did not seem to care whether my stay was satisfactory or not. The shower had hairs on the walls. Ive stayed in many hotels and this was by far the worst!,2
7315, January 2017,My Favorite NYC Hotel,"You literally have thousands of hotels to choose from in New York. I believe this hotel is the BEST for location, amenities, and comfort. I have stayed here exclusively since it was the Milford Plaza and the renovations that ROW NYC have done are exceptional.",5
7316, April 2017,"Nice location, poor facilities","This hotel has nice location near to Times Square, but old bathrooms and small rooms. Most of the people in the reception and concierge is nice and speaks a lot of languages but I had a bad experience with the bellboy when I was leaving the suitcases in the baggage store.",3
7317, April 2017,Good Hotel in Great Location,We had two rooms booked from 2nd till 4th of April 2017. Amazing Location. All the attractions are very close to the hotel. Hotel is just next to the Time Square. Rooms are really small with tiny bathrooms. There was no view from our room. Bar was Very Expensive. 5 Dollar for a small bottle of water??,4
7318, April 2017,great location,"The location is great, close to everything! The rooms are clean and include what is needed. However, there are severe problems with the room readiness - I got it after 5 pm, although I arrived to NY early in the morning. In addition, the Internet hardly ever works.",3
7319, April 2017,Had a great time in NY,"really good time -next time will ask for room not facing the street-too much noise. check out perfect!-easy and took no time, doorman very helpful.check in -great help with choosing room and available options",4
7320, April 2017,Very good,"Location wonderfull that Time Square- Bars, Theatres, Port Authorithy, Shops, and the world around me.Easy to food, easy to move, easy to love. I love New York and te people walding around. The Celtic Pub and the good food.",3
7321, April 2017,Not as Bad as Last Time,"The bathroom had hairs in the shower and on the shower curtain and no open box of tissues anywhere in the room. The shower actually DRAINED this time, but when I went to turn it on at first, the knob to turn on the shower (instead of lower faucet) came right out - thankfully, my friend was able to get it threaded back in, so we didn't have to call maintenance, but we should NOT have to do hotel maintenance to stay in the hotel. We were called by the cleaning staff when we had the do not disturb sign on the door (apparently, this doesn't apply to you even though it's specifically designed to notify staff that one does NOT want to be disturbed). We paid more money for the increased space, but I swear the room was the same size as the one we had the last time we stayed there and",3
7322, April 2017,Great place to stay for the night.,I was in town for the night and it was perfect for me. Short walk to time square and Penn station. Staff was friendly and helpful. I was able to check in over an hour early and they held my bags in the morning as I walked around and explored the city.,5
7323, April 2017,Hotel with charm,"Nice Hotel with a lot of life, a nice bar with good service. The roms were clean and nice. Internett worked good. The Hotel is located close to Time square, so it is real central. A lot of eating plages nearby.",5
7324, April 2017,Conveniently Located,This is a convenient place to stay in Manhattan. You are just around the corner from many of the theaters you might be seeing shows at. The rooms can be small but don't let that throw you off. You are only in the room to sleep and recover from your exploration of New York City.,4
7325, April 2017,Good stay.,"Nice hotel, great location, easy check in ONCE i actually got there. Convenient baggage hold while waiting for room. Baggage clerk very helpful with info about bars/restaurants in the area. Room was available early... Very simple to pick up room keys using phone. Small rooms, a bit noisy, ok for a 1 night stay. Overall a pleasant experience and would def go here again. Very good price for the location.",4
7326, April 2017,Be Careful...All is not what it seems,"We found ROW NYC on booking.com and it appeared to tick the right boxes for location and price. After all, all we needed was a basic room as we would be out Morning-Night. Check In was eventful...Chantelle started by shouting at us for being in the wrong area for check in. She proceeded to check us in whilst yawning and then left the desk on two occasions to again shout at further guests. She rushed through things so quickly we where in a daze and unable to remember our room number only the floor. I had to clarify that I had an outstanding amount (Hotel Fare) to pay and asked if I could pay cash. Chantelle told me no, not tonight and I could pay the day before check out. We arrived at the floor, and couldn't tell if Chantelle had written either 1, 4 or 7...decided to try 2 of",2
7327, April 2017,birthday trip,"If you are going to have staff near elevators have them wear a hotel id, if you call about a problem don't say your going to talk to a supervisor and then don't come back with either an answer or a solution don't just leave the problem unresolved",3
7328, April 2017,Great Location,This was my second stay at Row. Great location and value. Used the online check in and didn't have to wait in line. My room was clean and housekeeping came by every day. Only small complaint was the bathroom sliding door in my room was not working properly. It was very stiff.,4
7329, April 2017,Good hotel,"This is a good hotel for a long or short holiday. Nearby theatre's, times Square and other site seeing. Friendly staff. The only point I have is that the elevator was keeping me up all night cause off the loud noise",4
7330, April 2017,Small room for four people,"The room was really small for four people, and thanks god we choose the room with window. Would be impossible the stay in the same room without a window. The hotel have loads of guests and is always full of people in the entrance hall. Besides that, everything went fine.",3
7331, April 2017,Great rates for an awesome location.,"Clean, sleek rooms. Great food options in the hotel and within walking distance. One of the best locations in the city to see all the sights! Really made the NYC experience easy and fun. Would highly suggest to anyone heading into the city!",4
7332, April 2017,"Amazing location, great service, and cool atmosphere!","I just got back from a 6 days work trip in NY with 2 of my best friends! I couldn't be happier with my choice of hotel, Row NYC. To start off, the location is incredible! You're in the heart Times Square. You can literally walk to where all of the stores and billboards are! Check in was very pleasant and super quick. The reception staff was extremely friendly and willing to help me with broadway tickets information and etc. I got in town hours before my room was ready for check in which it was not a problem at all! I changed clothes in their lobby restroom which was huge and very clean, then they checked my bags until we came back to the hotel at night! So convenient! City Kitchen has 6 restaurants with fresh delicious food choices from sushi to donuts! They also have",5
7333, April 2017,vacation,Be clearer in relation to the fees to be paid in addition to the booking amount. The final price was to expencive in relation of the room tip. The attendants should be more cordial with the guests.But It is a goog Hotel.,3
7334, April 2017,Location Great But ...,"First it's a great location hotel. It also look very well when you enter. Very clean and feels like 5 star. I was alone on the 15 floor and the room is ok for one person but not for 2 !! So I suggest that you will go up first to check before you unpacking. Another thing was the very poor water pressure even though the hotel send immediately someone to check but it was ""funny "" when he try to explain it's for my safety (:. So I understand that till today all the other hotels I been too didn't care to my ""safety"". So no solution for this poor water pressure. Another thing was one of the ladies in the recaptiòn that was aggressive with her answers till I called booking and then another lady with more petient took care of everything in 2 minutes.",3
7335, April 2017,"Great location, very noisy","Great location at Times Square, but VERY noisy room next to elevators! Also, there is $29.95 fee each night for wifi, long distance calls and wifi didn't work well! Bed okay - pillows not so great, & 3 pillows for 2 people! Let's splurge and make it 4.",3
7336, April 2017,Don't get near this place,For a 500$ hotel before the 30$ Resort fee for a night we got charged at checkout I would rather sleep in the streets instead! Worst hotel Every thing is a mess in this hotel Lines for everything And the room so small you should come without baggage! Or decide baggage or you in the room,1
7337, April 2017,No complaints,"No complaints here , couple from UK first visit to New York. .....was a little concerned pre arrival after reading reviews...but we have been pretty happy with the stay....yes check in was a bit chaotic., but hey take a look outside it's a manic city !!! We travelled on a Virgin holiday, before we arrived I upgraded to a city view room via email with ROWNYC ..on arrival that was all sorted , view looked down 8th Avenue , 21st floor . .....street noise minimal, bed no problem, room cleanliness ok on cursory inspection, at the end of the day all the room is for is too sleep, we were leaving first thing in morning and returning at night (apart from brief stop offs to change etc). Location fantastic ....didn't use facilities apart from in house cafe just to pick a drink up on",4
7338, April 2017,Great location,Checked in the first night and the room was unsuitable due to no separate room. Went downstairs the next morning and Graham and Anne went out of their way to accomodate us into a bigger room. The location is great and their are restaurants every where,4
7339, April 2017,Fatal,"Fatal, because everything at the service that we asked for wasn't as we asked for. everything is explained before. We tried several times to obtain blankets and pilows and never were attenden about it",1
7340, April 2017,Fall reservation explanation,When receive de chekout I became aware of the Facilities Fees that was not Display on reservation then I came to Front desk and crew guy told that he coldnt do nothing about that additional charge ( Facilities Fee???),3
7341, April 2017,LIGHTS OUT,"The ROW NYC is a great place to stay. Comfy beds and clean rooms. Small rooms but it is NYC. All the staff were wonderful, friendly and helpful. Loved the decor and the uniqueness of the elevator system. Thank You to all the wonderful staff at ROW NYC.",5
7342, April 2017,Everything Great... Except Check-In,"Was pleasantly surprised. Nice room for a great price. But the check in process could've been better. Long lines. Kiosks appeared to be available for self check-in but these indicated a scan/barcode was necessary to start the process... I had no idea what this was about. I would try this property again. It's not the Ritz, but it was good.",4
7343, April 2017,Terrble room,"Dirty window, dust, iron mark on the carpet , stain on the blanket and the room wasn't ready by 4PM. I have to wait 30 min in line to do my check-in. For breakfast in you take a yogurt you not allow to take a juice you allow a coffee only, so if you don't drink a coffee tough luck",2
7344, April 2017,"Great location, not so clean rooms, long check-in line","Great location (2 min. walk to Times Square). Not too much noise. Some noise from the air-condition. Very dirty behind beds and along lists and behind toilet. Slow (but friendly) receptionists. Long check-in line (We waited 1,5 hours and we were told that it is like this every day).",3
7345, April 2017,Be careful!!,"I'm showing up pics from premium room, second best room. There's no space, so expensive, they selling you good hotel cheap next to Times Square, but it's just next to Times Square Not enoug space at room for 2 bagg I went to reception ship and them explain themselves so bad with bad attitude There's nicer hotels next to Times Square not that expensive and more comfortable Btw, there's not even water in room",1
7346, April 2017,"Good location, plus practical, fast and modern services availability.","In addition to the good location, close proximity to Broadway theaters and Times Square, the hotel embraces the concept of practical, fast and modern services. By way of illustration, the hotel has gym space and equipment, as well as varied A & B (food and drink) facilities.",4
7347, April 2017,You Get What you Pay for!,"The rates for the hotel are great; however, if you plan on sleeping while you stay in the city, this is not the place. The beds are like ROCKS! Very uncomfortable! Be prepared to spend quite a bit of time checking in...the process is horrible! I couldn't wait to check out!",2
7348, April 2017,Come see NYC,"This hotel had a great location, clean rooms (although small - but probably common in NYC), and a reasonable price. It was family friendly, with a welcoming staff. The location and price is what made us happy.",4
7349, April 2017,"Filthy Room, Great Midtown Location","I booked two rooms at this hotel, my decision based on the price and location. After staying there, I don't think it was the value I thought it would be. The check in process was a nightmare. I waited in line over 30 minutes. The lady wasn't friendly. I'd asked for rooms on same floor but ended up with one on the 3rd floor and one on 21. One of the rooms was an ADA room so it was really spacious and overlooked 8th, but the other one you could barely walk in. The bathroom was so small I could have shaved my legs while sitting on the toilet - although keep in mind that most NYC rooms are small so I wasn't too surprised by this. My major complaint was the room cleanliness. The carpets were filthy and there was urine or something all over the tile surrounding the toilet. There was",3
7350, April 2017,"Great location, Poor service","I booked two rooms at Row NYC for a weekend, recognizing that the location was pretty optimal, and the pictures of the hotel seemed pretty pretty nice. We checked in pretty late, so our rooms were on different floors. This wasn't a problem, except that the elevators wouldn't take me from my floor to the other without going to the 1st floor. Then, my keycards didn't work. When I went to the front desk get my keys changed (within 20 minutes of getting them), the customer service representative berated me and told me to keep the keys away from my phone and credit card--the keys were in my hand, and my phone was in my purse. Nevertheless, we went back up and it worked fine. The next evening, after walking around NYC, my key card stopped working again even though I put it in a",2
7351, April 2017,"Average, long wait to check bc only had two people working","Average, long wait to check in because there was only two people working. Need major cleanup work throughout hotel. Location was really close to Times Square and plenty of restaurants within walking distance",3
7352, April 2017,Birthday Treat,"After searching through lots of hotels, decided on Row NYC because it looked modern and had good reviews. It was disappointing.. On entry, the hotel is dark, the receptionist who checked us in was abrupt and didn't give any information about the hotel etc... We were on the 10th floor, as we got out of the elevator, the smell was horrendous, however the smell did disappear over the following few days. The room was clean, bathroom very small, bed comfy. We were at the front of the hotel and it was very noisy most of the night... The new Yorkers like sounding their horns!!",3
7353, April 2017,"Hotel is sufficient, but don't expect a friendly experience","Sufficient hotel at brilliant location, given the size of the hotel is feels like being a product instead of a customer. Rooms are clean, hence the dirty windows given another experience. Sufficient for a business travel but not if you travel with friends of family.",3
7354, April 2017,Great location but a disappointing end to our holiday,"The hotel is situated just round the corner from Broadway and near a subway station that has an accessible entrance (useful for connecting to AirTrain to JFK). However, the check in and room experience was very disappointing. Excessively long queue to check in, reception area was gloomy and some staff unwelcoming in interactions with their clientele; long, separate queue as well to deposit our bags in a cramped location near the front door. Room on 8th floor had old, formica-type furniture with some drawers not closing properly and some bits looking dirty. Clump of hair left on side of bath. 2 coat hangers in wardrobe area. Air con (large, noisy, old fashioned type) did not work though a technician came relatively quickly to replace the dirty filter and renew batteries and get",2
7355, April 2017,great location,"Decent Hotel, location was great. a block from time square. easy walk to central park as well with a lot of restaurants and bars within crawling distance. Rooms were not the best but good enough for the price",4
7356, April 2017,Convenient Location,"Row NYC was very conveniently located within the theater district and close to the train station. It was withing walking distance to most of our destinations. The only drawback of the hotel was that the bed was EXTREMELY low, sitting on the ground and not on a frame. This made it difficult to get out of comfortably.",4
7357, April 2017,Good location,"Great hotel, excellent location for anyone wanting to stay close to shopping, subway, Times Square, Broadway... Standard rooms small, but who needs a big room while in NY? The idea is to enjoy it and get into the bedroom to sleep.",4
7358, January 2017,Location location location,"A 45 second walk from centre of Times Square. loads of places nearby to eat. Room sufficient however was no view other than that of service area (air con units) also room got very warm even in January temperatures and aircon was VERY noisy, so just opened window too cool room down. Also shower head was at wrong end of shower cubicle, resulting in water splashing into rest of bathroom. However would return solely down to location. Bar in hotel is very expensive.",4
7359, April 2017,"Pau less, have less","You pay less than the other hotels in nyc, but the cleaning and the heat system is less too. Housekeepers didn't clean my room three times during my 10 days stay. It took 3 days for storage to deliver my packages. I asked every day. I turned on the heater and it didn't work, they gave me a portable, that it's not the same. Hot water didn't work one day in the morning. Took a few hours to fix the problem. Check out online really works and it's very fast. Drop out keys too. That's it. If you dont mind this things you can stay there.",3
7360, April 2017,Weekend getaway,"The room was a little small with no view but other than that it was an ok 👌 hotel. Loved the location. Was surrounded by everything exciting.....Times Square, Ripley's Believe it or Not as well as many Broadway Shows.",4
7361, April 2017,Not a 4 star hotel,"Next to Times Square, fast wifi. Terribly small room. Deluxe City View? I got brick wall at my small window... my dissappoinment. A called manager came to escort, get my 2 luggage and 2 bag never help me but then glad he open the door for me.",3
7362, April 2017,Try a different hotel,If you don't mind getting a smaller room than you booked - this is the hotel for you. If you don't mind the smell of piss in the corridor - this is the hotel for you. I visit NYC every 6 weeks. Next time I will probably stay at the Staybridge or the Hilton Garden.,2
7363, April 2017,Great spot in NYC!,"Excellent location (quick walks to Times Square and plenty of sights). The staff were all so friendly, and we felt safe in the hotel with the great doormen that checked all room cards on entrance! Exactly the kind of place we needed/wanted! I would recommend anyone travelling to New York to Row NYC 😊",4
7364, April 2017,WONDERFUL STAY,"The room was convenient to everything, located just minutes from Time Square, CATS, Carlos Bakery, several great New York Pizza places, a tour bus pick up spot, and tons of other attractions. The staff was wonderful. The room was small but we didn't go to New York to stay in the room...... Would absolutely recommend and will be back myself!",5
7365, April 2017,Very Good,This hotel has the best location you can find in Manhattan. Maybe it's a little expensive but it's very good. I strongly recommend it! My room wasn't big as the picture you see in internet but I needed a place to sleep and it was enough. Also the hall is a good place to relax a bit and use you laptop.,4
7366, January 2017,Good Hotel,"I went to NYC Row with 6 friends. The hotel is in a very good location and for us being used to walking around in London we could walk to most places that we wanted to visit. The staff at the hotel are helpful, funny and had a lot of knowledge about New York city and clubs we wanted to visit. If you stay here you won't be disappointed.",4
7367, April 2017,Great value hotel in Times Square,"Once we checked in after the theatre, all the staff was friendly and helpful. Unfortunately our bags did not come up to our room until after waiting 45 min. I went downstairs to get them myself. Stephen was in the lobby and brought them up quickly. There were many food offerings, but I would prefer a sit-down dining room or a buffet next time.",4
7368, April 2017,A hotel with a great location,The hotel has a great location in the theater district but falls short with cleanliness and housekeeping services. There are plenty of restaurants and is within walking distance to times square and the subway.,3
7369, April 2017,Return visit to the Row NYC Hotel,"If you want hip, upbeat, international vibe at a New York Times Square location, I""d recommend the Row NYC hotel. The City Kitchen (a group of restaurants who have small outlets in this conveniently located connected to the hotel) is a great dining option. Mexican, Sushi, Noodle Bowls, Hamburgers, Lobster Rolls, and more.",5
7370, April 2017,ROW NYC review,"overall a nice hotel, close to Times Square and easy walking distance to some of the local attractions. never seen the arrangements to use the lifts in any other hotel before. It certainly a novel way and it worked",4
7371, April 2017,Busy hotel with tiny rooms,Extremely small and very noisy room. We could hear word for word the people next door. Doors banging at all hours and staff at the desk most unhelpful when asked to move rooms. We were told we were in the biggest room when in actual fact it was one of the smallest,2
7372, April 2017,Location is the best!,"Is located in Times Square (3 minutes walking) so the location is perfect if you are visiting New York. The rooms are a little bit small but good, a bit noisy but ok. It is clean and the service very kind and friendly For sure I will come back for the location",4
7373, April 2017,Prime location and nice hotel,"Location was perfect to walk to Times Square, catch the subway, walk to Broadway shows and numerous restaurants and shopping nearby. Beds were comfortable and rooms decorated simple and modern. All staff we encountered were helpful and friendly.",4
7374, April 2017,Did the job,"Hotel is in a great location, with Times Square, Broadway theatres and the 42st subway station at your footsteps. 8th ave location makes travelling easy, whether it be on foot or straight onto A, C and E trains up or downtown. The hotel itself was ok. Room was very small, more like a dormitory. Check in wait was a bit long and staff weren't particularly speedy getting through it (although it was a Friday afternoon). Concierge at first attempt were very unhelpful and super rude. However a different day yielded much different result- with Milton being very friendly, great advice and efficient in assisting us purchasing show tickets. Another handy thing about the hotel is the inclusion of the City Kitchen downstairs - which is like a food court, minus the usual grubby options. All",3
7375, April 2017,Great locale for business in midtown.,"W had a group meeting for business visits and activities - great, central locale. The lobby layout is great. Plenty of room for impromptu meeting, drinks and meals. Close to Times Square and theatres. Parking is close- but is expensive, as always.",4
7376, April 2017,Average Hotel,"We think this hotel is pretty average. First of all, I'd give a 0 for cleanliness, since there was mold in the bath tub. Also, we had to wait more than half an hour in a line to do the check in. People were tired (some of them were traveling from Argentina!) Furthermore, there were some staff at the counter working on other stuff instead of trying to speed up the line. I consider this very disrespectful. -The good thing about the Row Hotel: The location.",3
7377, April 2017,Bad experience. Bad service. Bad cleanes not Comming Back.,Bad everithing bad overall never coming back. Very dirty rooms and bad service of personal . Everyone with bad attitude. One room did not had courtins in the shower the first day. Overall never comming back and will not recomend it,2
7378, April 2017,Glorified Manhattan Hostel,I know NYC is generally expensive but you should always get value in return. Would not recommend this hotel unless you have no other choice or you enjoy a warehouse feel and cattle yard experience. The only redeeming feature was location.,2
7379, April 2017,Great location but dont upgrade!!,Great location. Staff really helpful and polite. Very disappointed with the upgrade I'd paid for and the room was small and could have been cleaner. Also prepare for a wait on checking in. Wifi was great and the atmosphere in the lobby is good. Iron and hair dryer come in the room which was would stay here again but not get an upgrade!,3
7380, April 2017,Loved the Row,Great location. Filtered water and ice on almost every floor. Awesome lights. Great bed and carpet. Perfect wifi. Fun shows. Excellent atention from the people who works there. Loved new york and really enjoyed the Row,5
7381, April 2017,The best,"Excellent location, fabulous staff and service. I use the ADA deluxe room with a city view during every monthly stay. I wouldn't stay at any other hotel compared to the Row. You can't beat the service and welcoming atmosphere.",5
7382, April 2017,NYC Times Square perfect location,"room size was perfect not remotely small. Comfy bed, good shower! everything you need. Location top knotch! hells kitchen perfect for tea! starbucks near by! wifi great & free taxi from JFK to Row was $60 , return is arranged by concierge & they look after your cases once checked out if you have a late flight! bare in mind everyone expects a tip!!!!",4
7383, April 2017,Excellent stay,I go to New York quite often on business and I always stay at the ROW. This Hotel provides everything I need. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Great and friendly service and a perfect location in NY. I will definitely go back and stay at the ROW anytime!,5
7384, April 2017,"Great place, Great Staff","Hotel is in walking distance from Penn Station and in the middle of everything. Maryel is always awesome. She anticipated my needs and gave me the 17th floor, guaranteeing silence at night after the hustle and bustle of a great day. The staff is always helpful, efficient, competent, and professional. The continental breakfast is ok.",4
7385, April 2017,Our City Trip April 11-14,"We arrived to a big upset-NO ROOM IN THE INN!!! The reservation had been made well in advance, we had the computer printout to confirm it, and were told our room was no longer available. After over an hour of waiting and upset the room WAS available and all was well. We had a wonderful time and enjoyed our stay at the Row NYC. Great location, close to theaters and sites.",5
7386, April 2017,ROW NYC sensational!,"Fantastic location, eateries and bar, staff friendly and helpful, and propped elevator service always, ample room size for a short visit, contained all amenities, at a fair price. Had no Idea I was staying in a hotel that has over 1300 rooms!",5
7387, April 2017,Would not go back,"Went to NYC with 11 people... arrived at 1 a m. Hotel was overbooked so instead of having 3 rooms with 2 double beds, had 3 rooms with 2 king and 1 queen bed. Not what we had reserved. Had to move out of our rooms the next day to get the rooms with the double beds. No hot water for shower in two of the rooms and no clean towels for our room the following day. Had to call 10 times for clean towels. Will not ever stay there again!!",3
7388, April 2017,average........ but good location,"too ordinary. nothing extra offered. But they hit you with a $30 per day fee for use of internet, phone and gym. Other than internet, we did not use gym or phone. Payed an extra fee to ensure queen size bed. So for an extra $45 per day we would have chosen a different hotel. Hotel lobby very crowded. This hotel specializes in large groups. Check in was overwhelming with waiting in line. Hotel bar and restaurant closes at 11 on weekend but stays open until 12 on Sunday?????? house keeping was great though. Don't pay extra for a view. We did and got a room in the back that overlooked air conditioning units.",3
7389, April 2017,Great value and location,Great location to access Manhattan Island as you are right in the centre. Great view from our room and it was clean and comfortable. Checking in was quick and easy and the staff were very helpful. Great value for money.,4
7390, April 2017,The ROW,"Pretty sparse room, small. It met our need for a place to sleep, but it didn't have much more in the way of luxury or amenities that were readily available. A breakfast of some sort would have been nice for the price. Also, once you're in the hotel, some signage would be helpful so you know how to navigate around the facility so you can find the things they have",4
7391, April 2017,Mrs I Caro,"Very good location .Easy to get around .Check in Waite was long .Clean rooms ,but no room to hang clothes for two people .The view from our window was looking at the pipe works .Long Waite to get to the room .",4
7392, April 2017,Great location and a comfy bed.,"This is a good hotel in a great location in the theatre district of New York. Some good food options available in the lobby. The room was small, but the bed was really comfortable. I recommend this hotel for theatre lovers.",5
7393, April 2017,Waste of time and money!!,Went to NYC with my mom for 2 nights! This hotel is a rip off. (No fridge or hair dryer) Too busy and crowded. Took forever to wait for a elevator with all the guests in such a small place. Even the rooms were tiny.,1
7394, April 2017,Terrible,"Upon arrival, there were pubic hairs in the bed sheets. After reporting this in the front desk, the staff refused to give us another room. Front desk with terrible McDonald's attitude. Avoided interacting with them ever again during our stay. Could barely rest due to permanent rumbling noise of motors in the room. This is not a 4 star hotel. Be warned.",1
7395, April 2017,Row NYC not worth the money!,"Row NYC has a fantastic location, but is suited only to sleep and not spend time in the hotel. But the room was not very clean either. Also did not like the fact that I was being charged extra money jut for the hotel to receive packages on my behalf - processing fees + tax.",3
7396, April 2017,Great location,"Clean, great location, front desk service was slow and not particularly friendly. There were lines waiting to use the down elevators around 9am, which caused delays of 10 - 15 minutes, so be forewarned! We've found some discounts through Groupon or TripAdvisor, so while expensive because it is NYC, this hotel is a deal considering it's amenities and location!",4
7397, April 2017,Great Hotel,"Great hotel, convenient for all attractions Second stay here, first time when it was the Milford Plaza. MOST comfortable hotel bed ever. Short wait in queue for check in but not an issue. Only downside was the hotel bar prices, extortionate, $104 for 4 wines & 4 beers. Would definitely stay at this hotel again & would recommend it.",5
7398, April 2017,The staff was rude it was the worst time ever .,The staff was rude and the wait time was unbelievable long . I arrive at 10am had to wait until 4pm check in but it was a long line didn't get in my room until 6:45 pm . Very inconvenience because I had a business meeting that morning wasn't able to change my clothes so I missed important meeting . I drove all the way their from Michigan by myself without able to get it my room . If I wanted to check in at 10am than I will have had to pay over 287.00 for the hotel fees .,1
7399, April 2017,STAY AT ROW!!!,"Great hotel in theater district near bus terminal made traveling there and seeing a Broadway show easy and doable. Staff were amazing, specifically Junior! He was personable & helpful! He completely made our vacation!",4
7400, April 2017,Good,"Check in process was very hectic but once we checked in it was very smooth sailing. The location was great the rooms were small but very clean. The little food court was very clean and convinent, overall great",4
7401, April 2017,Excellent location & value,"Since Times Square and Broadway are feet away I can forgive a dimly lit lobby. Otherwise the hotel was great. Rooms are small, but we only used the room to sleep so it was no big deal. Rooms were very quiet too.",4
7402, April 2017,The Perfect Spot!,"Cannot say enough good things about this hotel: great room, timely elevators, quiet, comfortable and above all: it was the PERFECT spot for our what we had planned. Theaters, subway & excellent restaurants were just steps away from the door! I will definitely plan to stay there again the next time I go!",5
7403, April 2017,Suggestion,"Suggestion for a next stay at row : keep the history of a guest . If he returns twice or more , please maintain the same room quality offered at his first time. I enjoy stay at Row and the room problem was the only inconvenience.",3
7404, April 2017,"Great location, great pre-check-in communications, spotty in person customer service.","Great perks offered; great location; nice concierge. Check in person did not really care tha she was at work. Housekeeping knocked on door to clean it at 7:50 a.m. Shower did not work the first morning, and no one apologized or tried to offer any token of apology at all.",3
7405, April 2017,Won't be staying here again,"Standard hotel. Reception staff are false and rude. Some of the ladies talking in Spanish in front of me when checking in and laughing. Rooms are small if you are a party of 2 or more. When I asked to move to a bigger room junior was very helpful, the next day when I needed a new room key and to be moved he avoided accommodating the room changes and went against what was agreed. Won't be staying here again.",2
7406, March 2017,Dirty -unkept and staff didn't seem to care,Would not stay here again. Wasn't until I answered the I hotel review that they showed up after 9 pm and my door had the DO NOT DISTURB out Need better staff and check in was an hour wait in line!!! Need more staff,1
7407, April 2017,Very nice stay and convenient,This was a family vacation to enjoy the sites of NYC and our stay at ROW NYC was overall a great experience. I'd recommend to anyone to stay at your hotel. The location was perfect for us and the cleaning staff was excellent.,4
7408, April 2017,Location is its strength,The location was the best and right smack in Times Square inside the Theater District and within walking distance to top tourist spot but then again the whole area was overcrowded by tourists alike which could be a turn off to some. The rooms and elevator area were chic but the carpet was sticky (that's my only complaint aside from long long lines at check in,3
7409, April 2017,Great hotel,"This is a great hotel, in a great location. The rooms are small, but it's New York and all of the hotels have small rooms (unless you're paying more). We stayed here many times when it was the Milford Plaza and the renovation was much needed and worth it. I suggest getting there earlier in the day and checking your bags. The line to check in at the actual check in time is really long.",5
7410, April 2017,The Row,Very convenient area close to all musical productions. Room small. Could be cleaner. Guest services does not respond over the phone unless you go to the desk. We called guest services multiple times for things that never came until I went to the front desk and asked. Then they came to the room.,3
7411, April 2017,"Too crowded, too small, and too hot",Air conditioning unit didn't work. Gave us continental breakfast as compensation. Packed us into elevators like sardines. No signs directing us to check in on second floor. Room was extremely small. Hallways were dark and narrow.,1
7412, April 2017,"Great Location, Modern Decor","Room was small but due to modern decor, I didn't feel cramped in. Clean and modern, staff was friendly. The only issue is that the hallway on my floor smelled musty. Great location... I would stay there again.",4
7413, April 2017,Fun with grandsons,"My grandsons and I had tickets for an evening Broadway performance. It was perfect for theatre going at night. Very central. Some corners in the bathroom could use paint touch up. Otherwise, it was just right. Boys thought the room was trendy. Comfy mattresses. Reasonable.",5
7414, April 2017,Very useless stuff,The hotel looks very good but all the stuff including manager are unaware of anything. Make sure to confirm at the front desk about dollar breakfast deal first otherwise you will be over charged due to bar stuff mistake.,2
7415, April 2017,My Row Experience,"wonderful location, gorgeous bar and lobby area. staff were great and so helpful. the rooms were small but beds very comfortable. we had a great nights sleep every single night. cleanliness was up to par too.",4
7416, April 2017,Welcoming hotel,"I have stayed in this hotel with my family and found it very friendly and welcoming, I also felt very secure in the hotel. Can't wait to go back. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to my family and friends",4
7417, April 2017,Too many issues,"I was immediately given a bad impression of the hotel when I walked in at 6pm on a Tuesday and saw the line to check in. There was no one there to greet you, apologise or help, you just had to stand in the line with everyone else, unless you had a green/red ticket which apparently meant you're able to jump the line. Meanwhile you could see additional front desk staff standing off to the side eating and texting, clearly on a break. Why don't you have your break when it's not so busy? After 25 minutes of waiting I got to the front and was checked in. As soon as I got to my floor I could hear loud music and singing, it was echoing around the whole floor. Of course that had to be from the room next to mine! The room also smelled of cigarettes so I decided to ask to change. I",2
7418, April 2017,Very Pleasant Stay,"From the quick and complete check in, right up to the easy check out (through the smartphone) this was so easy, given the pace of the City and the volume of customers. While my stay was only a few days, full of so many things to do, it was very pleasant to return to Row NYC and my room to find a bit of peace and quiet, to recharge for my next outing.",5
7419, April 2017,Good,"was a good experience. Good location, close to shopping, subway, cand Times Square right around corner. Theaters around corner everything walking distance. Although subway is close by we did do a lot of walking for sightseeing. Even though location is very busy you do not hear anything from hotel.",4
7420, April 2017,Please don't go,"We arrived 10 pm one week day night, served by a very helpful lovely chap on reception called Junior who explained the hotel & all of the features perfectly! Upon arrival the hotel has a feel of a nightclub in the foyer area - which I imagine for 20 something year olds is quite fun , but after 8 hour flight and an hour cab ride it really doesn't help! (I might add this original booking was 2 nights we were then to travel for a week and return and stay for a further 4 nights after a week- that didn't happen read on!) Junior sent us off to our room and we had full knowledge of the hotel. The room itself was pleasant and colourful very basic (for a 4 star) no tea & coffee facilities etc The bathroom was beyond tired & clearly had only a lick of paint to brighten it up The",1
7421, April 2017,Wonderful experience,"The experience was wonderful as it has varied shows catering to various tastes, delicious food and 24 hours / day, thematic bars with band, very comfort and leisure options, clean pools, cleanliness in rooms and common areas. I intend to do other cruises. Pleasant and pleasant themed bars.",5
7422, April 2017,Great location!,"The ROW is fairly newly renovated, clean, with lots of choices for in-house eating. Excellent, yet interesting elevator system. The room was supplied with a hair dryer, iron and ironing board, and the usual assortment of shampoo, etal. The staff was very friendly and helpful in every way. The hotel is within walking distance of many broadway shows! That's a plus for us. We enjoyed our stay. The only negative was the craziness at checkin. Very long lines and unclear directions on where we should be took a great deal of our time. I hope this is remedied, because we would like to stay there again.",4
7423, April 2017,Awsome place to stay,"The Row NYC is a great place to stay. The rooms were clean and adequate just what we needed for our time in New York. The hotel staff were courteous and friendly. The location was perfect for us to get to all the great places in NYC. It was right close to the bus terminal too. We really enjoyed our stay at the Row. Time Square is a short walk and not that far from 30 Rock, there are food courts right near by and a great fitness center. I would recommend the Row NYC to anyone who wants a really nice hotel with a great location!",5
7424, April 2017,How a NY weekend could be destroy by a hotel,"We arrived to the hotel and they gave us a standard room that was located near the elevator. When we realized, we went down to reception to explain it and that we wanted to change it. They said it was not possible because the hotel was full, that maybe next day they can change us, but today was what they have. They gave us some auditive protection and offered a discount of 30 used. We came back to the room and we tried to sleep. The experience was horrible, every single minute elevator was passing by, making a terrible noise. We didn't sleep in all the night, next day we were completely destroyed. Besides that, in the bill, they charged us 55 use in concept of facilities utilization, whatever this charge is. So, as a conclusion, I will never come back to the hotel anymore and I",1
7425, April 2017,noisy and unfriendly,"Check-in was okey, but then they booked us the wrong room, one bed instead of twin beds! They changed it, but it was a terrible room. Very small, very noisy and uncomfortable, small beds. We needed to change our hotel.",2
7426, April 2017,Very big hotel with limited personal service whilst you pay a substantial amount for services you may not need,"Make the mandatory service charge optional, like you can opt in some hotels also for in - or exclusive breakfast. This would make the ROW offer more attractive and competitive. Besides that the ROW can try to be e bit more flexible in the way of communicating a request for a late check-out to the customer.",3
7427, April 2017,Best location,"Great location to explore Manhattan on foot and see all shows! Rooms are okay, we changed them though after check in. Nice toiletries and great idea with the bottle that you can use to get water from the water dispenser, also hot, which was super important for us, as we drink tons of tea. Oh, also there is live music in the lobby on most nights, and a very convenient connection to the City Kitchen where you can get something to eat fast. We've stayed in this hotel twice already, and if we ever go back to NY, this will probably be our first choice again.",4
7428, April 2017,5 nights at Row NYC,We had an excellent trip to New York. The hotel is situated in an ideal location to access all of Manhattan. We were around the back and so did not experience excessive street noise. The staff were friendly and accommodating. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others.,5
7429, April 2017,Worst experience of my life.,"We, a group of almost 40 people arrived from Puerto Rico to do our checkin when we were informed that our reservation was canceled. They ""fixed"" their mess by calling another hotel that was not sure if they were capable to provide rooms to all the group. We had to walk 6 blocks with small children and all our luggage. The reservations were made several month before. BEWARE of this hotel. I had read that they charge for everything and the minutes we were there we were told they charge $4.50 for each piece of luggage they store. Even their own employees at the front door were amazed how bad we were treated.",1
7430, April 2017,Terrible Experience- Terrible Staff,Terrible customer service. I had to argue to get what I actually paid for. Staff ran me in circles while taking turns to be dishonest with me. Spent 2 hours arguing with check in staff instead of actually enjoying myself. Paid for a large bed and was given whatever they had. I paid for a city view and was facing a brick wall and a roof. My spouse ended up sleeping on the floor because the bed we got was not big enough. Was a terrible experience I would not recommend this hotel to any one. Every time I was in the lobby to speak with staff people where complaining about their arrangements not being honoured. One man got so upset he knocked hotel plants over; not expectable behaviour of course but this gives you an idea of the level of frustration experienced but the guests. I,1
7431, April 2017,"Service lacking, everthing else fine.","Need more staff or more efficient staff. Everything else to standard. Location good. Coffee great (best this australian has had in New York). Price reasonable. Wait time for check in and bags, terrible.",3
7432, April 2017,Noisy Hotel,"Too many people at front desk ad too noisy. The hotel adviced that it has Parking, but the real parking was an outside service. We were charged with the facilities fee, but we were not asked in afvance wether we wanted it or not, and we did not used the facilities at all.",4
7433, April 2017,Great location but I expected more,"PROS: Great location - about a block from Times Square and all its attractions. Nice bar, District M and great food place and dessert place on premises. Luggage concierge was very busy but tried their best to manage the crush of people. CONS: Carpet was exceedingly dirty. Trash cans not emptied everyday. Seems like all they do is make the beds and that's it. Room toilets were tiny - I bruised my forearm using the toilet everyday. A/C unit sounded like a diesel engine in the room. For the price (during Easter Weekend however), I expected better.",3
7434, April 2017,April Trip,I'll be returning to New York in December and this is the hotel I will be staying at. I tell all my friends about this hotel. It's got the best location. Very helpful staff. The City Kitchen attached to the hotel was the biggest surprise and one of the best things about staying there.,5
7435, April 2017,Twice we've tried to stay at the Row and twice unable,"Hello, We booked to stay over the Easter weekend. We drove several hours to get to the hotel. Twice that day I called to confirm my reservation. Only at the check in were we informed that our reservation had been cancelled. They very clearly state in their policy that if the customer were to cancel that a fee would be applied. Nowhere in their policy do they state that they reserve the right to cancel reservations if check in is after 4pm. After the way we were treated on Friday, you will have to do more to earn business than offer free breakfasts. What kind of business model oversells their rooms and then arbitrarily cancels reservations without informing the customer? Twice we have tried to stay at your hotel, and twice we were denied. The first time, your staff",1
7436, April 2017,Theater District Hotel,The location was great and was around the corner from the theater. The hotel offers good value. Our main criticism is that the room was very small. It was clean and comfortable but reminded us of a cruise ship cabin.,4
7437, April 2017,Nothing Special,"I would not be coming back. The room was fine but the hotel was crowded, noisy and dirty in some areas. No seating areas in lobby for the amount of people. I felt oppressed by the crowds and the throng of teenagers sitting on the floor (again, there's no seating). The decoration is so stark and ordinary. The location may be fine but I would look for other hotels that have the charm this hotel does not offer.",1
7438, April 2017,Perfect hotel and location,"We just come back on Tuesday evening from a 5 night stay at this hotel and we had a amazing time, me and my husband went for his birthday, we booked a standard room, this was tidy and clean and had a nice view on the 12th floor, the bed was super comfy. The room was cleaned everyday to. The check in was quick but it was past midnight, the staff were polite and helpful and location was just perfect, we would definitely return if we are ever lucky enough to come back to New York. I can't think of anything negative other than maybe to get the staff to tell guests how to use the lifts has we had no idea what to do until other guests helped, and we had to explain to several new guests when we were there. Thank you row nyc for our best ever holiday. Would recommend this hotel to",5
7439, April 2017,Great Location in heart of Manhatten,"Great Location - Clean safe hotel - Concierge very helpful with our stay, and recommending places - Nice vibe in reception/restaurant - I could hear sirens at night ( I suppose its part of NY experience) when trying to sleep (Try & get room at back part of Hotel)",5
7440, April 2017,"Great location, stylish","I've stayed at the Row Hotel 3 times in the past year. It's a clean, modern, stylish hotel in the theater district, but far enough away from Times Square. Giselle at the front desk is super helpful and accommodating. Subway lines are very close and convenient.",5
7441, April 2017,Bad start but good room,"The women on the front desk that checked us in was very rude, and the lobby entrance was blocked, people all over the stairs, etc.. However the room we had was amazing, and the rest of the staff were great to deal with as well.",4
7442, April 2017,Elegant Hotel to stay for your visit in NYC,I stayed at Row NYC for a week and the hotel was so great although extremely busy but all was great. Very good services and clean towels and bed linens. This is the only Hotel I have been to that gives out towels daily. That is a big plus from me to to Row NYC.,5
7443, April 2017,"dirty, overprices, no service",One of the worst hotels I have ever seen. Spent more than 30 mins on the reception to check-in. The hotel is overpriced and the bathroom dirty. Found several hairs and urine splashes on the toilet bowl,1
7444, April 2017,"Convenient, friendly if extra busy hotel!",Lovely friendly greeting and service from Junior on arrival~ he even arranged for fruit and prideful to be sent for my daughters 21st birthday!! This is a REALLY BUSY hotel but the staff seem to cope with it really well. The only downside is the noise from the city but that's to be expected for The City that Never Sleeps 😁,4
7445, April 2017,Best location ever!!,"ROW NYC was a great location for a first visit to NYC! Walking distance to Times Square, to Broadway, to Rockefeller Center, to all Big Bus Loop Destinations! Restaurants inside the hotel. Clean room, great filtered cold water, near our room, cleaned room and towels everyday. Rooms are small, but who needs rooms, when you are in NYC!! Zac at check in was great!! Very good price for the heart of the city - sure would stay there again.",5
7446, April 2017,Ideal Location!,"My wife and I stayed six nights. Quite pleased with experience. Location perfect for walking to theatres, restaurants and shopping. Bus tours of city available out front. Upgrading not worth extra cost",3
7447, April 2017,great experience,"Location was great, staff friendly throughout -- from check in to concierge to cleaning crews in the hallways and rooms. Enjoyed the fitness center. If there had been a coffee machine in the room my stay would have been perfect.",5
7448, April 2017,Great service! Convenient location!,"It was our second time stay at this hotel. And we are definitely going back there once we decide to travel to NY.Times Square is right around the corner, the Intrepid museum is 20 minutes walking. Lots of nice dining options around. We had a great time.",5
7449, March 2017,Row NYC,We were visiting my daughter and seeing a show. This was a great location. We were walking distance to anything we wanted to do. I would highly recommend this hotel for a weekend getaway or an overnight trip.,4
7450, April 2017,Great hotel,"Our stay at the Row was amazing. We arrived about 2 hours before check-in time and we were allowed an early check-in without an additional fee, which was amazing! The rooms are on the smaller side but they have everything you would possibly need. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel.",5
7451, March 2017,GREAT LOCATION,First time in NYC for spring break and this hotel was conveniently located close to everything we had on our list. I had a room on the 3rd floor and Cesar hooked it up by upgrading me to the 7th floor. He was awesome and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.,4
7452, March 2017,Beware room 1631 !,"Beware Room 1631. This room under motor room controlling elevators, not just next to elevators. So loud no one could sleep. Front desk was aware of this and apologized, so why is it even used? . Does not get quieter later at night either. Was moved after midnight, and had to come to lobby to change keys. This room should only be used for storage.",1
7453, April 2017,Great Location not Great Service,"I'm going to do this in bullets - when we arrived, there were room issues although I had called to make sure this wouldn't happen (this did result in a room upgrade so that was nice) - when we arrived in my room there was a water bottle that looked left over from previous guests and still had water in it (it was never taken out or replaced during our stay) - when arriving in the room there were no hand towels or wash clothes - the phone in our room seemed broken, couldn't use the handset to call the front desk. when we did reach the front desk they couldn't hear us, a lot of the time it just went to voice mail. - we called to ask for extra blankets and it took roughly an hour for them to arrive - by the time we got to the last day, there was no hot water in our room.",3
7454, April 2017,Great Location - Acceptable Rooms - Ridiculously Bad Service,"I knew from previous reviews that there would be issues with lines and checking in and out, but I opted to stay here because of its location and the pictures of the rooms. I made the wrong choice. The rooms are decent. Not large, in need of some repairs, and you can hear some noise from other rooms and the hallway. But if you're simply looking for a place to sleep, they're fine. No issues there. The staff are a different story... I was emailed that a number of upgrades were available for my stay, and I requested them. No one ever got back to me to confirm that the upgrades were going to occur. When I called, I was told that I'd get an email confirmation on the morning of my stay (which is bad enough). Even worse, I never got an email at all. I guess they forgot.",2
7455, April 2017,First vacation in NYC,"We loved the ease of check in, friendly staff and help, ease of quick check out was great ! Our room was clean and tidy. Quiet at night surprisingly as well ! The location was amazing ! Close to great food, shops, night life and theaters !",5
7456, April 2017,Loved the experience,Access to other foods was good. Larger rooms than usual. Extra fees when we got there to use gym? $20. No coffee access in room. Hallway rugs were worn & alittle dirty. Mold & dust in vent in bathroom. Convenient location.,4
7457, March 2017,Facility fee 27 dollars per night comes in addition to the price!,Facility fee of 27 per night comes in addition. The hotel feels very dark and uninviting. Lot of noise from elevator in our room. No privacy in toilet because of bad sliding door. The breakfast was expencive and not especially good.,2
7458, April 2017,Unfriendly and overpriced,The hotel is in Times Square which is very busy. I imagine Row NYC get a lot of guests staying here based on the location. The hotel staff are very unfriendly and in some cases rude. This might be a symptom of the American service industry in general which pays staff very poorly and staff rely on tips to get paid. I stayed in two other hotels during my trip to NYC which were far far surperior and cheaper than Row NYC. I would recommend that people keep looking and try further out from the mayhem of Times Square.,2
7459, April 2017,Overall good but some downsides...,"Overall Row NYC was a good place for my partner and i to stay. There were some downsides also but these weren't overly terrible. The check in for us wasn't bad as some other reviews have suggested. The check in agent got to us quite quickly, she was friendly and we were checked in and given rooms keys in about 2 minutes after queuing for about 5 minutes. We had a premium city view. The room was a good view of the city from the 17th floor however, being the city that never sleeps means that the taxi's an cars that drive down 8th Ave do like to honk their horns and that was quite noticeable at night and did keep me away (next time i probably wont pay for the upgrade) I could also hear people banging around and being loud in the corridors and the rooms around - not the hotel's",4
7460, April 2017,Excellent stay,"The Row NYC has an excellent atmosphere, there is always something going on in the lobby area and I found this very welcoming. The city kitchen attached to the hotel was perfect for a quick bite to eat and all the staff were very helpful.",4
7461, April 2017,Great location and quality for the price!,"Let's start with the negatives: Yes the rooms are small, and yes the hallways have a slight, musty odor. Not bad, but a good carpet steaming should correct it. But really that's it. For price and the location, RowNYC is a great choice for accommodating a couple that's looking for a convenient location to Times Square and the Theater District. Subway access was also very convenient. My wife and I checked in and we ended up getting a room that was right next to the elevator. Unfortunately we're light sleepers and knew it was going to be a problem. I spoke with Christina at the desk who was very friendly and accommodating despite it being a busy night. Although she couldn't move us to a different room that night because they were fully booked, she was able to move us the",5
7462, April 2017,Decent hotel at great location,Overpriced hotel but at great location for a tourist in NYC. Overcrowded and busy. Due to overbooking we had an upgrade in our room and it was actually a big one with nice view and a king size bed. On the other hand we were charged an extra fee which was not clear when we booked the hotel (a so called luxury tax)although the hotel is not luxurious at all. Taking the lift was a nightmare especially in the morning we had to wait for more than 10 minutes! And we had no warm water twice during our stay,3
7463, April 2017,"Excellent stay, courtesy of Christina S.","Love this place. I stay here every time I'm in NYC, and I'm here regularly for business. Great location, great rate, and great breakfast in the AM (note: not free, but great). Christina S. was particularly accommodating during checking. Extremely pleasant, and such a nice way to start our trip. Tip to travelers - expect a $15-30/night fee for the internet. I think it's still worth it as Row has the best rates, and this is a way they can ease the rate up a little after they get the booking. If you look at comparable rates, there are no other comparable hotels at this rate, even with the up-charge at check-in.",5
7464, April 2017,You Will not be disappointed if you stay at Row!,"Great hotel with a terrific staff. Close to everything. A little pricey at District M, but the staff could not have been better! Ask for Lilly! The pizzas and cheese platters were excellent with great presentation.",5
7465, April 2017,Not a good experience,"On arrival we waited in a long queue to be checked in, In an uncomfortable heat. The staff member who served us took our details then disappeared for 10 mins. On his return he asked if we wanted an upgrade to twin rooms. This was not an upgrade the rooms were tiny and the sheets and pillows were dirty! Our next bad experience was asking the concierge for help with theatre tickets. He priced our tickets at $175 and told us not be alarmed if the price was higher on the ticket. When we received the tickets they had $132 printed on the tickets! With no explaination as to why we paid $175. Next we suffered several power cuts when simply just using the hotel Hair dryer! The engineer who reported to our room advised us to use one appliance at a time and switch the lights off. Myself",2
7466, April 2017,Never again,"Loud, extremely small, although we booked the ""deluxe"" room and too expensive. The bar closes at 12pm and lists drinks on the menu you cannot get. The staff was not polite whenever you need something beside the usual needs. The only good thing the Row offers ist the location. But there are many more hotels around the Times Square.",1
7467, April 2017,"Clean hotel, excellent location.",Paid well over the odds for four nights but unfortunately that's part of the course if you stay in New York. Be careful if you book with booking.com it said it's 800 dollars for 4 nights then when you pay its 1100 dollars with the added taxes. It does say I'm the small print I'm not saying but it's easily overlooked.It's very clean and compact and is an excellent location a 5 minute walk to Times Square,4
7468, April 2017,Terrible experience,Terrible. Charged my card over 1000. Without knowing why. Still didn't get my credit back. Not ecen the manager knew why they charged my credit card again. Then they claim to have refunded my money still have not seen it.,1
7469, April 2017,Horrible Customer Service,"Long lines at check-in, at luggage services, at check-out! Small room - even by NYC standards. I left a valuable item in my room when I checked out. Of course ""it wasn't found by the maid"" - - but to further the frustration - - the Hotel Manager never returned my calls to try and seek a resolve. I get the feeling that they just don't care. It's NY - there's tremendous demand for rooms and they will be full regardless how poorly they treat customers - - so they just don't care!",1
7470, March 2017,Not our usual great stay at Row NYC,"We have been staying at the Row NYC since it was The Milford so quite a number of years. We stay each February to celebrate our wedding anniversary and birthday. You can see from my annual TA reviews we have loved our stays each year and have praised the staff each time, always eager to return the following year. I never understood all the negative reviews posted about the Hotel because we honestly never encountered any issues during any of our previous visits. WOW - well I understand them now because I think we had them all this time, so much so we have decided we won’t be returning to the Row NYC next year. A statement I never imagined I would use!!!! Many years ago we arrived at a hotel (not the Row) and they had no record of a booking for us, a bit stressful but we",2
7471, April 2017,frustating,"I paid to check in before 4 pm to the room and upon arriving at the hotel the room was not available. Return to lad 4 pm to check in and the room was not available. I return at 7:30 pm and they tell me that there was not even a room available, it would take 30 minutes for the room to be ready. I requested to deliver the room at 9pm and was charged $ 100 for the extra time after so much delay for delivery of the room. The last day I received the bill in which it reflects the charge of $ 100 for leaving later in the room and I turned off the keys to the room so I had to return to the customer service and make a 30 minute row to be able to To solve the situation of the activation of the key. The young man who answered me indicated that mr had credited the $ 100 which was not true.",1
7472, April 2017,Served us well,"The hotel is located stategically in mid-town, a block a ay from Times Square and less so to theaters, restaurants, stores and subway. The hotel elevator system is very efficient and quick. The room is compact but larger than tiny. Room service and staff were friendly and attentive.",4
7473, April 2017,Don't stay at the Row NYC!!,"Don't stay at the Row NYC!! Crowded, poor service, and not enough staff. Too expensive for what you get and the wait in line at the front desk is way too long because there is not enough staff to take care of everyone. Waited in line over a half hour to check in and the line never seems to go away even late art night.",1
7474, April 2017,District M amazing,"Today's my last night at Row NYC and the highlight of my entire trip was spending it at the District M bar. What can I say but if it wasnt for Raphael our bartender I'd probably wouldn't have spent time at the bar... he was entertaining, polite, gave great advice were to go in new York and the service was quick and fast..I would recommend to anyone to spend time at district M. Also food was to die for.",5
7475, April 2017,bad surprises,It was a strange experience. No one spoke to us during the week. I had not heard anything about extra fees. I could not imagine there was such a large line for everything. I lost half an hour in line to get my luggage on checkout day 😑,3
7476, March 2017,Worst Hotel ever!,"For the same price you can live in 100000% better hotels! People KnickerBooker is much better and of the similar price. This hotel doesn't have a tea kettle, that means no after noon tea. No room service. No in-room dining. Staff not friendly. Rooms are small but in the pictures they look huge. House keeping only once in the early morning in the middle of your sleep, and will never come back again if you ask them to come back later. Every hotel I stayed in was better than this. Why is it so expensive? not even a strategic location.",1
7477, April 2017,The worst in room elevator noise I have ever experienced,The title says it all - the wind and vent noise generated by the elevators all night is amazing and since all the rooms are around the elevator shafts there is no escaping it. However the bar is quite nice!,1
7478, April 2017,Small rooms and bad customer service,The rooms do not look like the website pictures. Be careful of what you book because once you get there it's apparently first come first serve. We booked a larger room but when we got there ours was given to someone else. We were not compensated for this nor given an explanation. We had booked the larger room because we were staying for 8 days. Manager and front desk didn't seem to care and were rude.,1
7479, April 2017,Perfect Location but don't expect too much...,"We looked at a lot of the reviews before staying here and weren't really sure what to expect with such a mixed bag of experiences. Personally, we didn't have any of our own problems but can see why others may have done. Location - literally amazing, right off Times Square and minutes walk from the subway and bus port terminal to take you around the city. Room - our room was pretty small but we weren't expecting a suite or anything amazing... we were out and about all day so really we only used our room for sleeping in, it was perfect for what we needed. Our room was clean and tidy and we were impressed with the shower and bath. Noise - it was very noisy at night but this noise was from the street and nearby loud generators/machines. We are young and in NYC so expected noise",3
7480, April 2017,Another great stay at Row!,"This is our 2nd time staying at Rowe. We love the decor, the way the elevators work, the breakfast & bar & food, location to city kitchen, and walking distance to most everything fun in NY! We will definitely stay here again!",5
7481, April 2017,Very expensive for what it offers,"I do not intend to come back to this hotel! Very expensive for what it offers. The rooms and bathrooms are too small and all the hotel is dark. . The sidewalk in front of the hotel is a mass, specially if you have luggage because there is no space for it. Really bad for the guests with luggage. Looks like a bus terminal.",2
7482, April 2017,Great Location- nice hotel!,Great basic place to stay in NYC close to Times Square The room was very small but we didn't care. Just the basics and it was fine with us! Safe elevator access to the floors of your choice nice! Also they had interesting decor- chic,4
7483, April 2017,Never stay here!,"Would never stay here. Ridiculously small rooms as I was told it was a trendy new ""minimalist"" style. Hotel had reservation under my email address and around 11:30pm decided to send a large security guard to beat on my door demanding I provide my name on a post it note and refused to show me any ID. It frightened my young children (5 and 8) who were already in bed. Security was irritated when I insisted to call front desk to verify he was in fact with the hotel. He commented the front desk made mistakes a lot. Front desk later called up until 1am insisting I go downstairs and provide my credit card info, despite having provided it earlier at check in. I went downstairs once to find a lengthy line and I was not waiting. I had to tell them to quit calling as the kids",1
7484, April 2017,IN THE HEART OF BROADWAY,"Location, location, location. All major theaters within easy walking distance. Room small but efficient. Reasonable rates. Casual dining with good variety of cuisine.Staff friendly and efficient. Would visit again.",4
7485, April 2017,Row hotel,The first time I came everything was ok even if the noise of the street was present ! This time employees of the checking desk were not very sympatic and rude sometimes ! Rooms are very clean and the hotel is very well located ! Be carreful there are additional fees everywhere !,3
7486, April 2017,Rat in the heater+hidden fees,My moms room has a rat in the heater so she was not able to sleep all night. The manager said that she will refund the facility fees but when we arrived home I noticed that she did not do that . She said that to get rid of us. Also beware of the price in booking.com you have to add around 400$ fees for 3 nights the NYC tax facility fees and other fees. It ended up way more expensive. The hotel is perfectly Situated. However the rooms are extremely small. We paid For a queen bed and ended up having a double bed it's extremely small for 2 pple. The room was cleaned but the cleaning woman just do the bed and doesn't clean it very well .i would not return to this hotel,1
7487, April 2017,Disappointed with experience overall,"Make check in an easier process. If my parking is included in my price & i do express check in at kiosk i should not have to wait in that long line to have my valet ticket stamped paid. Its a lot of up & down inconvenience for the customer. I have stayed at this hotel for the past 10 years even when it was the Milford & I was extremely disappointed this most recent trip. Only 2 employees waiting on customers at check in & check out time. So you have an extremely long, slow moving line for customers that already paid & checked out but need to get their car. There is no way to call down or just handle it at valet or baggage. Also annoying how baggage employees always asking for tips at drop off & pick up! Its an uncomfortable situation to be put in on the spot. I shouldn't have to",3
7488, April 2017,Love Row NYC,"Great spot for NYC. East access friendly staff, clean rooms! We had a great time exploring New York. The hotel is very close to Times Square and all the theaters. Was wonderful to have live music at the bar each night we were there! Will be back!!",5
7489, April 2017,Satisfaction,"Need to improve customer services and cordiality to clients. Rooms too small for price. Location and access to rooms are good, because has security. Cleanliness was satisfactory, because house keeping did a great job.",3
7490, April 2017,Family visit at NYC,"Hotel had good location. Room size and cleanliness was ok, stayed at standard room. Although one room we stayed at was noisy because of the elevator. German Romero did a good job at reception, he was professional and was very helpful",5
7491, April 2017,Not a four star,"Firstly this is my opinion and I have stayed in many hotels of varying grades but this hotel is not a 4star and is barely scraping a 3. We picked it because of the rating and the location, I emailed, requested upon booking and messaged via Facebook our requests (if they could be accommodated): As low a floor as possible that would not hinder the view but would reduce the street noise, a late checkout and an upgrade if possible. I was told via Facebook to telephone, however in this day and age email is how is best and worldwide phone calls are costly. When we arrived we were impressed by the reception area but the queues were ridiculously long and there wasn't any staff on hand to help with the 'quick check in'. When we finally got to our room I burst into tears. Yes the rooms",2
7492, April 2017,Big tourist hotel in Times Sq,Spent the night at The Row. Tough to check in. Long lines. Long wait! The concierge was fairly useless. Asked for directions- he sent me to use a computer. Really?? Good points- nice to have a quiet room in NYC. Good Windows! Rooms are ok. Sort of sparse. No coffee maker. No water etc,4
7493, April 2017,A Two-Star Property at a Three-Star Price,"An adequate property located close to Times Square as well as easy access to the subway. The problem is less with the hotel itself but with its guests (and the way the hotel deals with them). For the pure volume of visitors, long lines at peak times at check-in and check-out are pretty bad. What was worse, my floor was basically occupied by a group of kids. Since the boys couldn't stay in the girls room, and vice versa, they took their party to the HALLWAYS! This went on until 11:30pm. I called security and, of course, nothing happened. So I had to go into the hall and yell, ""SHUT UP! SHUT UP! This is NOT APPROPRIATE!"" Even though they didn't speak English, they knew exactly what the issue was and, fortunately, stopped.",2
7494, April 2017,First experience with a hotel. Was a mini vacation with a friend. We drove into NYC and was a little overwhelmed.,It was nice to arrive and have some kindness shown to us. Would recommend your hotel which has a great location. We were able to walk to our destination each day that we were there. Loved the water bottles,5
7495, April 2017,Row nyc,Room size was fine for one night for twonpeople but would be difficult for more. Bathroom was too dark and needs additional lighting. The hotel lobby is a great design and has a nice vibe. The connected food court was very convenient.,4
7496, April 2017,Honeymoon in NYC,Chose this place for our honeymoon hotel had a great time close to everything and easy access to the subway only problem was at check-in and them taking a deposit from my card. Overall this is a great hotel if you want to be in the middle of everything but it is very busy.,3
7497, April 2017,World traveler,Umm a good place for a quick over night stay. Too busy at the lobby... there should be more self check in at lobby .. waited too long to get my key. Should have more help with luggage drop off and pick up.,3
7498, April 2017,"Good place, a little bit of a long line","There was a long line for checking in, it is exhausting specially when you arrive from a long flight. The same line is used for checking out so, you better not be on a hurry because you might not bee on time.",4
7499, March 2017,Good vacations,Location is very good. Hotel facilities were also good. Attractions were close by.Different sorts of transportation were available. Hotel staffs and attendants were very kind. I missed a coffee maker in room!,4
7500, April 2017,Terrible service for an expensive mediocre room.,"The reception desk took forever and when they finally found reservation it didn't match my last name (I made it under my maiden name). She made a huge issue of it. I called Expedia and they changed it. I then found out that The hotel cancelled my reservation when my card didn't work prior to my arrival. I was traveling in Europe and had some issues with fraud protection. I was not notified of this. I was livid. I called Expedia and was put on hold forever, the hotel manager basically said ""tough sh.."" your card didn't work. Never mind that it was for deposit only. It was now 11:30 pm after a very long flight from Europe. We were exhausted. I literally threw a fit in the middle of the lobby. Suddenly they found a room and decided to honor the Expedia rate. I was so angry about",1
7501, March 2017,District M,"The rooms are small but the staff and all the hotel amenities more than make up for it! From Gezennia to Cesar and Jose and Raphael at the bar - everyone I encountered was are wonderful. And I cant forget to mention Edgar and Jorge at the door, helpful and good looking - cant top that!!",4
7502, April 2017,Perfectly situated,"I came to New York alone and felt very comfortable in the hotel. So many restaurants, bars and snack-possibilities nearby and Times Square and musical-theatres almost just around the corner - just perfect!",5
7503, April 2017,Wow ROW,Second stage at the Roe and was as enjoyable as our first stay. The staff was friendly and helpful and the International flavor of the guests offered friendly points of view. Theater district location of ROW is also ideal.,5
7504, April 2017,Great NYC Experience,"The hotel was very trendy and in a great location. The staff was helpful if I had any questions, and the continental breakfast option I chose was delicious. The price was a little expensive, but I would stay here again.",4
7505, April 2017,Good experience and good hotel location,"We appreciated the reception work the help of reception girl who spoke in Spanish, came in at 12.30 to work and we solved the problems to satisfaction. The barman one afternoon, without telling him anything, kept the money back without waiting to offer it to him, he complained and he did not have a good deal.",4
7506, April 2017,Lovely stay,Central location with lots of restaurants and shops close by. clean and tidy with helpful staff. Rooms were slightly small especially the bathroom but were clean. Could have done with a small kettle in rooms for a coffee on a morning too. Water bottles provided with numerous water machines through the hotel to fill up!Breakfast was tasty with a good range to choose from.,4
7507, January 2017,It was okay...,"Served its purpose - good location, rooms cleaned regularly, shop downstairs, open 24/7 etc. However, Staff are extremely unhelpful so don't rely on them and lots of hidden charges when booked through booking.com! Took money for room without telling me and a further 'deposit' they return when you leave. Booked airport transfer for us that they then claimed no knowledge of...avoid staff; it's only a battle",3
7508, March 2017,"Location, location, location","Great hotel with a great location for good restaurants, Times Square and Broadway. We had a very enjoyable stay at Row NYC Hotel for four nights. On this same trip we also used Hilton and doubletree hotels in NYC, Philadelphia and Washington. Row NYC Hotel had better beds and bathrooms!!",4
7509, April 2017,The worst service ever,"Front desk staff are the worst. People always seem to be busy, even when there is no one there, they act as if they have to do something else. The front desk agent that did our check out was the worst.",1
7510, April 2017,District M,"The drinks were amazing! Raphael and Jose were great bartenders and I enjoyed our conversation. Super convenient, we stopped by before our show which was next to the kinky boots theatre. Thank you guys!",5
7511, April 2017,District M,"Raphael at the bar in ROW hotel was a great bartender. He made our drinks to our liking and I enjoyed my stay here at the hotel. It's right by the Kinky boots theater, so it's a good place to grab drinks before the show. I recommend it to everyone. Thank you",5
7512, April 2017,Good location,Good location An Easy access by metro Central location almost in front of time square good for night live in broadway Large choice of restaurants around Clean and modern Good and very professional staff,4
7513, April 2017,Good enough,"The Row NYC is very well sited for all the tourist stuff in Manhattan. It's on the Times Square area, but is a block away from all the bright lights although I believe there are some rooms where the lights can be an issue, however room 741 is not one of then ( see pic). However If you want luxury, go elsewhere . This is a basic hotel but it's absolutely fine as somewhere to lay your head after a day of traipsing around New York. The room rate is cheap for its location. Rooms are clean and tidy.",3
7514, April 2017,CATTLE CALL!,"Don't waste your money...you'll only get angry and frustrated. NOISY...filled with high school field trips. Check in a nightmare. Ridiculous ""facility fee"". A midtown ripoff. Air conditioner so loud that I had to choose between noise or a stuffy room.",1
7515, July 2016,"Conveniently located, affordable rates!","Stayed here in July 2016 for 2-3 nights. Place was conveniently located in the heart of NYC, near all the tourist attractions. Rooms were rather decent, albeit small, and there's free ice at a common ice chiller as well at each level of the hotel. Liked the in-house bar and food area as well. Heading off to the airport is convenient, with cabs easily stopping in front of the hotel, and the bellman helping you with the luggage. A nice place.",4
7516, April 2017,Welcome to Mayhem,"Arrived at 3pm to be told that room would be ready at 6pm. We ended up getting it at midnight as it hadn't been cleaned. Front desk and manager completely stressed out for one problem after another. Rooms are small and basic, not the hotel for a special occasion. Lobby was completely mad most of the time, although security were effective. The best thing about the hotel is it's location to central Manhattan, Broadway, Times Square, Penn Station, 5th Ave etc. I wouldn't stay again however, given the choice.",3
7517, April 2017,Great stay for first time in NYC,"I enjoyed my stay at Row NYC. It was my first time in New York and the location was great a as you could look onto Times Square without being right in the middle. It was close to a subway line which gave you the New Yorker experience. The staff were very customer service oriented and friendly. The hotel had a cool look to it that was aesthetically pleasing. I did have a couple annoyances but that didn't affect my stay or enjoyment on my trip. It would be wonderful if water stations were on every floor as advertised instead of alternate floors. Also, the Glam and Go Hair Bar should have realistic hours, it was a shame that it wasn't open on a Sunday or Monday.",4
7518, April 2017,OK,"OK accommodations for a reasonable price. . Great convenient location near Theater District, Jazz Club and many restaurants. The TV screen was distorted, but the view from the window was very nice. Room was small, but served the purpose for a clean, reasonable place to crash for the evening.",3
7519, April 2017,Lovely hotel but people EVERYWHERE,"Good hotel, excellent location we did get upgraded room so size was ok no massive but we were never in the room! But people hanging about everywhere in hotel lobby and entrance was really off putting!",3
7520, April 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"Brilliant location and no nonsense hotel - gave exactly what was needed. Staff were friendly, rooms were clean, beds were comfy and towels were plentiful. Lifts all worked as did the free wifi - very happy with a his hotel.",5
7521, February 2017,"Great location, but needs improvement","The Row hotel is located in a great place if you want to explore as a tourist. It's minutes from Time Square and Broadway, and Central Park, 5th Ave and Bryant Park are within easy reach. The hotel communal areas are chaotic. Check in is unorganised and lengthy - be prepared to wait! Travellers are all over the lobby at all times of the day and it has a very transient feel to it. It hosts lots of large student parties so big groups tend to congregate in these areas. The hotel rooms are okay. Beds are comfy and the bathroom is clean. However, the windows need a good clean - inside and out and the window glazing isn't thick enough to keep all street noise out. The ice and water machines are confusing - with ice on one level and water on another. There was a strong smell of",3
7522, April 2017,Very small beds,I booked for a queen bed and ended up having a smaller one that I had to share with my husband so it was not very convenient . they told me the hotel Is sold out and that's all they had . The receptionists don't know anything the one that was working at night is not helpful at all . The hotel rooms are very basic. They also did a mistake and overcharged my credit card .The only good thing about this hotel is it's location . It's 3-4 min walking from Times Square.,2
7523, April 2017,normal,"mor information at ckeck in time like were are the gym, packcage adittional for breaksfast, explain the kind of room assigned i fel my room no its deluxe, the chair of the room very bad situation. ddfsdfsdfsdf",3
7524, April 2017,Third time wasn't charming,"Plus: great location, friendly staff, comfortable mattress Minus: bathroom: water damaged ceiling, molding, upper walls very badly repaired. Many thick coats of paint is not a fix for gouges, cheap, shoddy repairs",2
7525, April 2017,Row NYC,Loved the view and location. Food variety was great. I wold have liked to have had some coffee options in the room. I wake early and couldn't get coffee until 6:30am. I will stay there next trip and recommend it.,5
7526, April 2017,The NEW YORK experience!,"Great service by the front desk receptionist Poala. We arrived at almost midnight and found that our room was given away as the hotel was overbooked, so for the first night we would have to stay in a single bed room but to make the stay better for us she gave us food vouchers. Fabulous location, great beds (bring ear plugs for the city noise/neighbors) Close to broadway & Hop on Hop off bus tours. Two restaurants in hotel. I have nothing but good things to say! I will use this hotel again. Thank you!",5
7527, April 2017,Never Again,"Smoking and loud partying at 3am. Nothing was done, even after 4 trips to the desk. Security came up, but did nothing. After long conversation the following morning with manager on duty, she agreed to comp the room. However, not the price of that saturday night, but an average of the three night stay. And ultimately, only a partial credit has shown up on my bill. Not the amount I was promised. I'll never stay here again.",1
7528, April 2017,Zero Accountability and Customer Serive,Terrible experience - arrived to find out thy had given out our room which was reserved weeks in advance - didn't help find alternative accommodation was rude and told to find our own solution in the middle of the night,1
7529, April 2017,A++,"Great hotel, amazing location!! Slightly low on the sleep quality but it is not necessarily the hotel's fault...it is NYC so it is noisy outside and there are lots of people coming and going day and night!",5
7530, April 2017,Almost pleasant stay.,We really liked what we saw online. It is convienient to Broadway. First appearance led us to think we had made the right choice! Check in was slow. The room was too small and not what we bought into! Not to mention we were celebrating our honeymoon! Not what I would have picked had I known what I do now. Would be great for a getaway but not anything special for a couple. Don't know that I would stay here again.,3
7531, April 2017,NY stay,Location was so handy and the experience was all good all in all would stay again with out a doubt added to the overall trip the kitchen food services was a great addition proved veryvhandy after a full day,4
7532, April 2017,"Great location, average service","Great location and accessible to almost everything - Times Square, Broadway, the subway and other amenities. Convenient City Kitchen within the building. Crowded hotel (esp at nights) and there tends to be a long wait at check in. Mediocre service levels but would like to compliment Robert for his sincere and thorough service. 5 stars for Robert! Hotel rooms are adequate.",5
7533, April 2017,"Great location, friendly staff","This location is great, 1 block from Times Square and Central Park. The staff was very friendly and allowed us to check in early. I didn't pay extra for the rooms with a view but got one anyway, the view was awesome. The room was not as small as I expected, had 2 twins and there was plenty of space. Only drawback was icky black chunks falling from AC and a pungent smell of ethnic food 2 out of 3 nights. Will definitely stay there again.",4
7534, April 2017,No more Row NYC for me!,"Check in time is 4, we got there at noon, registered early and was told we'd get an email when the room was ready. It was past 6 pm, no email. Unbelievable. We wasted our whole first day. Then the room was in the furthest corner of the hotel and the view outside was a dirty, ugly, brick building! There was a loud, constant chipping sound all through out the night, that interrupted sleep. So much for booking early and pre registering early.",3
7535, March 2017,Centrally located,Hotel room was Bijoux and compact to say the least but it was clean and centrally located. Only recommendation would be tea making facilities in the room but guess they want you to use the cafe and bar downstairs.,4
7536, February 2017,Fantastic hotel,We loved loved ROW Rooms very clean but small as expected in NYC the only problem is could have done with a Kettle in the room. Check in was about 20mins perfectly fine Check out was quick Location amazing Central to everything,5
7537, April 2017,Good hotel,İts a good hotel.İ liked it.the check in was difficult.room was clean.air condition was noisy.summer time travel should be good.location is very good to reach time square.elevator knowledge is neede and please ask reception for access.,4
7538, March 2017,"Well located, good room, but front desk too crowded","The room has a good size and the bathroom is really big, unfortunately poorly lit and no place to hang the towels. The hotel has good option for eating at a resonable price. The down side is the front desk taht is ALWAYS very crowded and normally will make you wait long minutes in the line. The best thing is the location associated with the good price. For sure it is a good choice, but beware of those things I mentioned.",3
7539, April 2017,Not Satisfied,"Front desk service never had enough help, long lines, some were rude. My room was cancelled and I was never told. Had to speak with manager & show proof of how many times I'd spoken with the hotel.Calls from my room were never answered.",2
7540, April 2017,Good choice!,"Clean (small) room, reasonable price, great location, good service. 11th floor was quiet, unlike the lobby, which feels like a nightclub. Would definitely recommend for a base when visiting the city..",4
7541, April 2017,City kitchen,"Amazing service from Raphael at the city kitchen bar, made the hotel a welcoming and friendly place to visit. The rooms were extremely well kept and very modern. The only thing I would say could be better is to add locks on the bathroom doors in the hotel rooms.",5
7542, April 2017,Good location,I enjoyed my stay at Row NYC. Great location. Good food choices. Rooms were on the small side but were clean and had everything necessary for for a comfortable stay. Check in took longer than I expected however overall would definitely stay here again.,4
7543, April 2017,Can't beat the location!,I had seen ROW from the outside and knew it was the perfect location for what my daughter and I like to do in the city. It is steps away from most theatres and 46th street had some of the best restaurants in the city. Safe are clean area.,3
7544, April 2017,New York,"Overall service was great , nice clean rooms , great view of the city , comfortable beds , right in the best location to visit the city , convenient for everywhere , all you could want from a hotel ,,,",4
7545, April 2017,"Great Location, Comfy bed, but Not Very Clean.........","Our 4 day stay at the Hotel met our standards but did not exceed them. We were super close to times square, which is ideal for the average person who enjoys the business and hustle and bustle. However, next time I may choose a less busy location. There's no regulated traffic of guests vs. non guests. It is a boutique hotel, so that can complicate establishing a fine line. We were told we couldn't eat our street food in the tables outside the bar area, which shocked me as we paid 1000+ canadian, for our three night stay. Cleanliness was not met throughout and it is somewhat dated, but very authentic and different- so that was an added bonus. Not much guest on sight amenities but there's enough to do outside the hotel, as we were rarely in it.",4
7546, April 2017,lovely location,love this hotel-nice staff -helpful- good location- i love new york city!!!! there is a great buzz around hotel- but there was a reallllly long check in queue when i arrived from long haul flight and only one staff on counter- led to many disgruntled groans from rest of Queue as we waited- im gonna try digital check in next time as i stood in queue for hour-but lady was lovely when i got to top of queue- also was dirt at side of mattress when i got to room-bit gross but i cleaned it!,4
7547, April 2017,Week stay in April,"This hotel is in a perfect location for exploring the city. Unfortunately is was not worth the money we paid. The room was not cleaned to an appropriate standard upon check-in. I noted this using their online system and found drinks and breakfast vouchers in our room the following day. I assume the vouchers were left as an apology- it would have been nice to speak to a member of staff but the queue at reception is always huge. If they made their 'additional fees' clear at booking time their queues may be reduced as everyone checking in with us seemed to be unaware of the fees and so spent time arguing/questioning them. Tea/coffee making facilities should be provided in a 4-star hotel room, and one roll of toilet roll for a week stay is not adequate. I had poor sleep due to being",3
7548, March 2017,Great Corner Room Experience,"We booked a corner room with a premium city view. The room was the perfect size and the view was amazing from both windows. It was well worth the money. The only con is the corner rooms have a connecting/adjoining door that I was not informed about. This door causes all sounds and anything on the other side to be easily heard. It was quite a nuisance and though the door did lock, it took away from having complete comfort and privacy.",5
7549, February 2017,Not brilliant,"Stayed here for 2 nights - you get what you pay for ! We queued for well over an hour to check in (after a long flight too) A lady in the queue said she was checking out as her room was like a cupboard & she had noisy, cannabis smoking youngsters in the room next to hers! We were given a room which we were told by the receptionist had a lovely view - the 'lovely view' was of a disused car park but we could hardly see out of the windows anyway as they were filthy! We were in transit for the Caribbean so hardly spent time in our room / hotel as so much to see in so little time! The room itself though on the small side was clean but the entire hotel is tired-needs TLC. I wouldn't recommend this hotel apart from its location which was great - in Times Square and short walk to",3
7550, March 2017,"Very noisy area, budget hotel","We spent a couple of nights at Row NYC. We had a ""city view"" room which I would NOT recommend. Basically that means it is on the street, which is noisy 24 hours a day. On top of the traffic, horns and general noise, there were nighttime roadworks involving drilling, piledriving, cutting, you name it, right outside. Rooms are tiny with few basic facilities, although the bed was big and a good mattress. Room was fairly clean but scruffy. The hotel was packed mainly with large groups of sightseeing teenagers which meant the lobby was constantly crowded. Getting to the check in desk involved queueing for some time, however checkout was easy as they pushed the bill under our door so we just dropped the key off and went. Very handy for Times Square and many sights, especially if you",3
7551, April 2017,Wouldn't stay here again,I found this hotel very overpriced for the tiny box room you get. On arrival I found out they had no room service which is disappointing when you are spending a lot for 2 nights. Red stains on the carpet. Dull hallways. Cheap decor.,2
7552, April 2017,Great Location But Staff Not Great,"My wife and I stayed at Row NYC April 6-10 with 2 other couples. We arrived a day late due to our flight being cancelled. We contacted them to notify and they thanked us for the notification. When we arrived the following morning around 11, we found there were no rooms available for us. They charged us for night and gave our rooms to someone else. We were told to either wait until 4 pm or take the rooms they had already cleaned but were not the room upgrades we originally booked. The first staff member we spoke to could not speak good english so our concerns were unanswered. After more complaining, one couple were put in a beautiful room only to tell them they have to move the next morning. After several trips to the front desk and room moves, we were finally put into",3
7553, March 2017,Filthy room,"Good location for tourists..30 minute wait to checkin...room 2827 had filthy carpet borders,dirty sink,unidentifiable stains and splashes on walls,dirty tiles and ledges in bathroom.The room was very dusty and the safe had the last occupants old paperwork inside...General manager has yet to reply to my complaint emails...stale croissant and lukewarm coffee offered for breakfast",1
7554, April 2017,Great Stay For a weekend,"Great location, access to restaurants Broadway plays shopping and a central location to travel around the New York area. Centrally located to all three airports in the tri-state area. You can eat at a restaurant every day for 30 days and not repeat a single restaurant. A great place to stay for entertainment also.",5
7555, April 2017,Glorified Youth Hostel,"Walking into the ROW NYC, we were surprised at the noise level, the number of people sitting on the steps up to the lobby and the frantic feel of the place. After standing in a line for about a half hour, we were told our reservation had been cancelled earlier in the day. No reason given. Just that they cancelled it and had no rooms available. There we stood, 6:30 pm, harried after a delayed flight and rush hour traffic in a cab, bags in hand, plenty of valid credit in our wallet and tickets for an 8 pm Broadway show but NO ROOM even though the reservation had been made weeks earlier. We were aware of at least 3 other parties who were also told their rooms had been cancelled. There was not a single room available in the hotel. Clearly they had overbooked, and late in the",1
7556, March 2017,What a place to turn 65 Years Old!!,Went here for my wife's BIG birthday and it was fabulous! Staff extremely nice and helped make it a special day with gifts of free breakfast and bottle of prosecco which both went down well! Would highly recommend and hotel in a great central position too.,5
7557, April 2017,Low quality hotel,Quite disappointed by the quality of the rooms. Rooms has been refurnished a while ago. A lot of noise during the night and a smell of cigarettes. Corridor was not clean. And waiting time for check in was endless,2
7558, April 2017,Don't go there!,"Doesn't deserve 4 stars. Too much noise (outside and inside: elevator making 24/24 and you can hear the neighboors like if they where in your room). Breakfast is just a joke (1 small juice, 1 fruit, 1 low quality pastry...).",3
7559, February 2017,Big Apple visit,Why can I say after reading all the reviews good and bad I thought I will give you my review for the price wee paid for 5 nights was roughly 700 pound that was including the service charges was one of the cheapest in town the hotel lobby itself can't be faulted beautiful bar very modern Decor !! The room itself which we got a corner room looking out onto Main Street was small but very clean and was cleaned every day nothing to fault !! Location of hotel is perfect with time square a stone throw away we could be any closer to tourist attractions wegot the hang of subway pretty quickly and enjoyed our visit would definitely stay hear again another bonus is your right across from shake shack which is a must to go and he best milkshakes in the world !!,5
7560, April 2017,Comfortable but Badly soundproofed,Overall experience is good but I would advise that the doors are Badly soundproofed. The doors close loudly. You hear the neighboring doors. Ask not to have Adjoining doors whit other room. I suggest to have a room at a high level because you will hear the traffic horns and others.,4
7561, April 2017,Great Hotel,Friendly Welcome Nice People Good Internet Clean Bath and Sleeping Room Delicious food Excellent Musician In asking was well helped us what we did not like that we have received no answer on our instagram comments at the Row Account. Maybe we will meet again this or next year. Lovely greets from germany.,5
7562, April 2017,Go somewhere else!!!,"Terrible service at hotel from staff. Room was horribly unclean and when staff were told about it, they done nothing about it. Attitude was terrible! Manager was worse. Dust everywhere, yellow sheets and urine all down side of toilet!!!",1
7563, March 2017,AVERAGE,"The room is clean, corner room is really better than the rest, buy the hotel in general is too loud, too busy, front desk free only after midnight, never a space to sit at the lobby, long lines at morning for coffee, I think is more for very young people who dont care for this details there is no room service in the morning, not even for coffee....that’s not so great when you enjoy NY at night",3
7564, April 2017,Perfect staff and central location,"Listening and warm staff, good rooms with nice view. Good Wifi everywhere in the hotel. We did the check-in at 3 am without any problem. Check-out really fast, no need to wait in the desk. We had only to drop the key off in a box. Excellent communication by email before our arrival.",4
7565, April 2017,Quick Trip,"This hotel is okay. Location is great but that's really about it. Room is small. Bathrooms are small and ours was not very clean. Okay hotel for a quick trip (2 nights). Don't think I could stay there for a week as it is too small and not the cleanest. I did appreciate that they had a bag check. We arrived way before the 4pm check in, so to be able to check our bags was nice.",2
7566, April 2017,"Excellent location, really nice hotel.","This is my 2nd visit to Row NYC. It is perfectly located for attractions within walking distance and also the Gray Line bus tours starting points. 8th Ave is actually also named ""restaurant row"" which we found out from one of the tour guides. There are plenty of places to eat and drink. The hotel itself is very pricey for food and drinks, although you can take your own into the reception area and the city kitchen which is located via the main street or through the hotel is not too bad for food. I asked for a bottle of wine at the main bar and had to politely change my mind when they told me it was going to be $65 !!! Wifi is fast, rooms are small but perfectly formed, clean and comfortable. I would definitely go again.",4
7567, March 2017,Service with a smile,"Awesome personnel from check-in until check-out. This is a clean, convenient, and desirable Hotel here in The Theater District. Part of the hotel is a food court called ""City Kitchen' with delicious and fresh food...",4
7568, April 2017,ROW Stay 2017,"The bedsheets are a terrible quality I've spent nights in cheaper hotels with better sheets. The sliding bathroom doors are not a good idea and should at least lock. Narrow corridor between the beds and the tv could barely fit my luggage through consider rearranging. Also, I finding a cockroach in our room wasn't pleasant at all. Maybe consider having more people at the front desk cause when I did ask for a possible comforter for our room we never got one.",2
7569, March 2017,Picture shows a room 40% bigger because is a wheelchair room and you are not having this one,"The room in the picture is whel Chair room. 40% bigger than the room of 95% of the apartments. If you do not mater about space, everything thay promiss is there but you have to pay extra and expensive to have a small refrigerator instead of the luggage because you probably will miss some space... Bathroom is the same. Very few Space... Disapointed",1
7570, April 2017,One of the best,One of my favorite places to stay in NYC. The staff were extremely nice and the security at night is very welcoming (checking to see your room key to make sure you're a guest at the hotel). Love the way the hotel smells and the ambiance is just as great. Will stay again for sure.,5
7571, April 2017,A wonderful suprise hidden in NYC,"We loved our stay at ROW NYC! We were thrilled to have found rooms so close to Times Square/in the Theater District at such a great rate and we got a lot of bang for our buck. Our room was spacious and most importantly, very sound-proof! We had no trouble with loud noises and in fact the hotel has a very strict policy about keeping the noise level down for all guests. The hotel even had a few mini concert experiences in their bar in the lobby but we had no trouble with any noise from our room. It was such a nice, quiet escape to go into our room after walking around on the noisy city streets for hours and hours. We found the reusable water bottles to be a very nice touch to the hotel amenities since water bottles are a very expensive commodity no matter where you visit in",5
7572, April 2017,I'll never be back!,"The worst hotel experience ever. We booked this hotel for 10 days, but escaped (to wonderful Hilton on 6. Ave) after 2 days. It took more than an hour to check in - in the middle of the night! The lady at the front desk was quite unpolite and rude. The room we had was booked (a suite high up) was not avilable and as a substitute we were offered two (we were three) rooms for the first night. Next night we were given a little bigger room. This one proved to be in a terrible condition: Dirty, worn out and just a three disc as door between the room and toilet. Completely unacceptable. I recommend everyone to never book a room in this wretched hotel.",1
7573, April 2017,Row Hotel NYC,This is a modest priced hotel which was attractive for the location but it is a little tired (finishes) and understaffed for such a large facility...crowds and long waits in the lobby seemed excessive for a NYC hotel. Additional lobby staff seems like a simple fix for the rush hours during check-in. Rooms and bathrooms are on the small size but perhaps a given for the existing facility. Updated finishes and casework in the rooms could help address the impression of room size. Not sure where to draw the line between value price and the apparent weaknesses of this hotel.,3
7574, April 2017,Very cool hotel,"We enjoyed our stay. The location is within walking distance to Times Square. The room was clean, staff was super helpful, the hotel bar is fun, and the decor is really cute. It was easy to hail a cab or walk everywhere.",4
7575, April 2017,Well located and well priced,Rooms are fine. Small but fine. Dorm like setting. Hotel appears to cater to travel groups. High School/College age guests in large numbers. Front desk staff indifferent to guests waiting to check in. ROW is well located and well priced. Lobby is perpetual chaos.,3
7576, April 2017,Great Stay & Perfect Location,My boyfriend & I just checked out of The Row NYC - we had a great time. Perfect location & wonderful service. German Romero at the front desk & the bartender at District M lobby bar were very pleasant & extremely helpful. We will definitely be returning to this Hotel when we return to NYC.,5
7577, March 2017,Perfect for short visit,"Booked to stay here for a few nights on a holiday visit. Location is perfect, especially when you don't want to waste valuable time on a short trip travelling the subway. Price was among the best and the quality of room was high. They're small rooms but absolutely fine and well decorated. Despite being on a lower floor there was no noise from outside so good night's sleep. Recommended.",5
7578, April 2017,Terribly disappointed,Good luck if you stay and can't take a warm shower. You will not be compensated for your troubles or feel satisfied with the outcome. Not only did I pay a 4 star price for a closet but I left dirtier than when I arrived.,1
7579, April 2017,Great place to stay,If one word would describe The Row NYC it would be convenient. Two words add clean. Easy access to public transit Dining and the theatres. I was able to park my vehicle one Block away. Front desk personnel were friendly and knowledgeable. Housekeeping staff did a great job In keeping the room tidy and clean. I definitely will be staying at The Row during my next trip to NYC.,5
7580, March 2017,Need better people Skills,If you happen to arrive before check-in time like we did at 5:30 in the morning we had to wait until 4 o'clock to get a room after flying 6 hours no one there would make accommodations to check in early and the Hispanic gentleman at the counter is very rude two visitors trying to check in early wouldn't will never stay there again,2
7581, April 2017,School trip...very accomodating,"I had the pleasure of chaperoning a group of high school dancers who are my wife's students. We stayed at The Row for three nights. The hotel lobby stays fairly busy but staff members were pleasant and the hotel was up to date. The rooms are typical NYC rooms but were comfortable. The beds were soft and most everyone slept well during the stay. The showers are hot and the bathrooms were clean. Were there some damages to the rooms, sure but they were small and you have to be extremely picky to even consider them. There were plenty of places to eat and grab coffee. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the excitement. It was great for our needs.",4
7582, March 2017,Hate the required facilities fee,"I have stayed here before and, though it is still dated, even with the upgrade, it is reasonably priced, or at least was. The room I had was fine. It was clean but the bathroom had some wear and tear. It was nice and quiet. The price used to be called the Milford with the giant Milford sign on top so that you could see the hotel location from a distance. That is gone so not as easily found. The stay was fine but my main complaint is that they add on $20/day as a facilities fee that you are required to pay. I asked what this was for and it was for free Wi-Fi, use of the gym and business center. Since I wasn't using any of these I asked why I should have to pay. The answer was, because you have to. So $20/day adds up. I used hotels.com to book for cheaper rates but when",3
7583, April 2017,"ROW NYC Great location, great service","I stay at Row NYC almost everytime I come to NYC. This quirky, well placed hotel has reasonable prices, GREAT service, and is always CLEAN, and they work with you for group placement. I took 30 high school students and we had a great time. The elevators were fast, well managed, and working! The rooms, while a tad small, were very comfortable, had everything you could need, and of course were clean. The service was great, everyone from the hosekeepers to the front desk to the managers were friendly and helpful. I cannot recommend this place enough!!",5
7584, April 2017,Great hotel and location,"Row NYC is a great value--good location, clean and friendly staff. Having City Market within is a major plus for a quick bite. We would definitely recommend and plan to stay here again on our next visit.",5
7585, February 2017,Amazing experience,"The hotel itself is located in Times Square, huge bonus when wanting to explore as you are near to everything! We arrived and used the self check in which made the experience easy and quick. As we had travelled for my 18th birthday my mom had spoken to the hotel in advance and asked for a larger room with a view. When we didn't get that we spoke to reception who straight away apologised and gave us a new room. Had no other problems the entire stay. The concierge desk was extremely helpful when giving us directions and looking into booking shows for us. Highly recommend using them. The hotel has a restaurant and a sugar shack attached to it; best idea ever! Both shops were open early till late allowing my jet lagged body to have a chocolate covered crepe at 6am! Both places",5
7586, April 2017,Only good thing is location.,"Tiny, not very clean, out of date rooms, with no USB outlets. Long waits to talk to any staff member and to check in/out. Tiny Bathroom flooded after shower. Don't even give shower caps. Don't answer phone. Hard to get service.",1
7587, March 2017,Great place,Great location within walking distance to any show. Just go around the block and you are right in the middle of Time Square. Motel was very nice. Bar was average. They did have an amazing band one night that kept the bar busy. People were nice and easy to talk to.,4
7588, March 2017,"Clean, comfortable, and central","Recommended by family, who stay there every time they visit New York, Row NYC proved to be a great place to stay. The room, although New York small, was very clean and had the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in! Check-in means standing in a long line, since the promised email allowing electronic check-in arrived several hours after we actually had checked in, but once we got to the desk, we couldn't have asked for better or quicker service. There is a very good bar downstairs, and a food court next to the hotel, accessible through the lobby. It WAS Spring Break, so the hotel lobby and the bar were always very crowded, but other than the first evening, the room was quiet. We requested a City View room, which let us see up 8th Avenue, and also put us at the end of",4
7589, March 2017,"Good vibe, Good value.","The Row is a good value near Times Square. The rooms are clean and cozy, prices are usually quite reasonable for the location. The lobby bar has a fun vibe. The Row draws lots of foreign tourists - it's not a quiet business hotel.",4
7590, April 2017,Nice hotel with good location for tourists,"Good location with very easy access to Subway to all of New York. Nice rooms and fascilities. However, there is only a slide door with a large gap for the bathroom. Not ideal when traveling with friends. Also, the aircondition is a bit weird and noisy.",4
7591, April 2017,Great location,"The Row is a great, reasonably priced hotel with a convenient location near Time Square. The connected food providers offer a wide variety of meal options and there's also a nice, small bar. The rooms are clean and very comfortable. We'd definitely stay here again.",5
7592, March 2017,Good place to stay in theater district,"This is the second time my wife and I have stayed in the Row Hotel NYC. Both times we came to attend performances of musicals near by. In fact, that is the reason we chose the Row Hotel. It was close to the theater. We thought the rooms were fairly priced. We really appreciated how useable the lobby was and the convenience and variety of the City Kitchen. Many theaters were in easy walking distance and good places to eat along the way. Times Square was just a few blocks away. In the hotel the elevator system was most efficient. Housekeeping was very friendly and helpful. The bathroom is very small, and the room as well, but efficiently laid out. The front desk is always very busy, so try to check in online, and check out that way too. We enjoyed both our stays",4
7593, April 2017,Love this hotel,"The hotel is just amazing in the heart of the city minutes walk from Times Square, rooms spotless and well maintained, free wifi and great TV channels, a vibrant hotel, staff friendly and very helpful",5
7594, April 2017,"Great hotel, great location.","The rooms are very minimal, but in a nice clean way. The location can't be beat, and it's reasonably priced (for New York). The beds are so comfy, it's amazing. Its great having water dispensers on the floors.",5
7595, April 2017,Row NYC Great location but don't count on the bar being open,The hotel was located in an exceptional area around the theater district. The big disappointment was coming back before midnight and finding that the bar had closed earlier than posted. A nightcap before heading up to the room would have been ideal. I had to leave the hotel to get a drink.,4
7596, December 2016,Don't give them your credit card details,"This is the worst hotel. My partner booked a seven night stay for us months in advance. Three months before we were due to arrive I found out that I was pregnant and would be to far in to my pregnancy to fly from London. My partner cancelled the stay only to find money had came out his credit card 2,500 pounds. When he phoned the hotel after 45 minutes of trying , getting the phone hung up on him twice and speaking to some of the rudest staff my husband was told by a hotel manager ""but you cancelled"" we pleaded with them to refund the money or change the dates of our stay but they wouldn't. Yeah you know what happened next. On the day we would have been checking into the hotel had i not been 7 months pregnant my partners credit card was charged again. For the entire stay plus",1
7597, March 2017,Quick Broadway Trip,Three friends and I had a wonderful time in NYC staying at the Row NYC Hotel. We were there to see a Broadway show and the close proximity to the theater made it a convenient place to stay. Plus we came to the city by bus and the hotel is also just a few blocks away from Port Authority. Will definitely stay here again.,5
7598, April 2017,Happy Guest,Loved the stay. It was great being in midtown. The amenities are good . I don't know what else you want me to say. I am very busy and am working on a program for a theatrical production. No more time to do this.,5
7599, April 2017,Values for your money convenient and attentive staff,"Love the location, eateries theatres site seeing locales and tons of shopping! Secure clean and well priced. Fabulous finger food in evening at District M, in house bar with wonderful jazz/ball room dance music",4
7600, April 2017,ROW...Together,"100 times better than expected for the price. Other than a long check-in line, the stay flawless. The Row NYC is safe, convenient, clean, inexpensive and restful...even in a busy NYC tourist district. Hidden gem in the concrete jungle! Telling everyone coming to NYC to book here.",5
7601, March 2017,Nice Place,"Nice hotel in an excellent location. Helpful, pleasant and friendly staff. The rooms are small but has a comfy bed which is all we really required as didn't spend much time in it. Bathrooms in the rooms were very small, but again had everything that was needed.",4
7602, April 2017,Week in NY,Excellent location for a holiday in the Big Apple. Very busy foyer area with groups and a good buzz all the time. Excellent elevator system. Rooms are what you would expect in the middle of Manhattan. Entertaining live music at weekends. Round the corner from Times Square and all the theatres. Thoroughly recommend.,4
7603, April 2017,Watch out for hidden costs,"Tiny rooms, claustrophobic in room and corridors. Noisy reception area. Hidden costs pushed the price up by nearly $ 200 with taxes on top. Staff were nice, and location good. Would suit the under 25 s, in fact there were lots of student groups staying",2
7604, April 2017,Perfect location,"Great location, within walking distance to everything. Room very small but clean and quiet. Needed room card to use bathrooms on first floor which was a bummer especially since they're willing to hold your luggage the last day so you can still explore the city but with no room key you have no restroom which is a big deal in NYC. Would definitely stay there again.",4
7605, April 2017,Great location worth it all,"The location is so good You have everything you need in matter of minutes. The room itself is ok. The bath had black stains on its bottom, luckily we brought flip flops. Room is not very spacious but who hangs in the room when in New York. Overall great stay for our honeymoon.",4
7606, April 2017,Horrible,"Came here on our honeymoon. Left the west coast at 3 in the afternoon. Arrived at Row at 9 am, was told by the very rude service that we couldn't request an early check in and couldn't check in until 4pm. Rest of NYC hasn't been very cheerful either. Maybe it's not the hotel, maybe it's just be the city.",1
7607, March 2017,Nice Hotel but not worth the price,"Great location but not worth the price. The rooms was spacious but they did not include a chair for the desk so if you wanted to do some work, you had to do it on the bed. They did not give me the $1 breakfast, make sure to ask about it first before you try to get breakfast.",3
7608, April 2017,"Modern, comfortable, great location, great food!","The Row is a hotel in the Theater District, close to Times Square. The rooms are comfortable, modern and have everything you need. I loved the elevators: there's a system where you press the button for your floor outside the elevator and the system assigns the elevator you should use, making the whole process faster. City Kitchen is a food hall inside the hotel with 7 different options. I tried almost all of them and they were all really good: Ramen, Japanese food, American Comfort, mexican and also a booth for desserts like donuts. There's also a proper restaurant/ bar serving all kinds of meal and also offering live music at happy hour. The internet lounge with tons of iMacs is a plus.",5
7609, April 2017,Fab Hotel,"Seriously don't know what everyone is moaning about, I was panicking after reading reviews on here but the staff have been great. Check in took 5 mins, our room is lovely and clean, amazing views and the location is the best bit, 10-15 mins walk to everything. Food in the City Kitchen next door is quick and convenient also if you're on a tight schedule. Couldn't ask for more really. Yes there is a service charge but that seems pretty standard for New York hotels. The WiFi is fast and reliable and there's free use of computers and printers which is great for tickets etc Also think the use of water stations and ice machines on each floor is a fab idea. Be warned there is a LOT of young people in the hotel so if you want a relaxed atmosphere then it won't be for you. Great drinks",4
7610, April 2017,Great Hotel for the money,I loved this hotel! The food options are amazing and the atmosphere is really great. My only issue was there were a few hairs left behind from another guest in the bathroom. I will 100% stay here again.,5
7611, April 2017,"Unpolite check in, and improvements needed at room cleaning.","At the check in, the attendant nice looking brunete lady all dressed in black, but unpolite and not cooperating at all, seemed like was not enjoying her work, while make clients life difficult. And there were dozens at the front desk. Room cleaning is clearly done rushing, with very little care. But the NY Kitchen is a wonderful solution for the restaurant.",2
7612, April 2017,(not so) cheap and (not so) cheerful,Arrived to find a long queue for checkin - 1300 rooms - this place is like a railway station. Small but clean rooms. Room was next to elevator shaft and we got a lovely overwhelming smell of curry each time then fit went up or down - which was quite a lot. Not enough staff on the checking - people waiting 45 mins - not a great welcome. We went out for the evening to find the same queues on our return - unbelievable. Form the same money I would recommend staying at the Hudson up near Central Park/Columbus circle - much nicer vibe and great bar to hang out in.,1
7613, December 2016,What a hotel,"Great Hotel In A Great Location. 2 Minute Walk From The Busy Times Square. Hotel Staff Were Very Friendly, Check In Was Quick And Easy Got To The Hotel Room And There Was A Bottle Of Champagne And A Chocolate Cake With A Lovely Note Wishing Me A Happy Birthday And A Good Trip As I Was There For My Birthday Which Was A Great Surprise. Room Was Very Nice And Had Great Views From The Window. Hotel Bar Is Very Good And Staff Very Friendly. Every Thing Is Within Walking Distance So Great For Seeing The Sights Of New York. Already At Looking At Booking New York Again For Next Year As I Didnt Do Everything I Wanted And Will Be Staying Here Again 100% Thanks For Making The Trip Even Better",5
7614, April 2017,"Great location, everything else just ok.","Great location just a block from times square, and compared to other places in New York this place is reasonable priced, but you get what you pay for. Rooms are ok, the décor looks like it was a rushed job, very messy in places. But beds were comfy and good sized TV screen. If you upgrade to a room with a view don't expect an amazing view! Just one of the street (rather than a brick wall I am presuming).",3
7615, April 2017,NYC trip,"Room was small but clean. Didn't get the view I thought we would have. Paid for a deluxe city view, not what I would call a city view. When asked to change we were told none available, that rooms are not available till checked in and paid for. Room was paid for when I reserved it in the middle of March, so not sure why we didn't get what we requested.",3
7616, April 2017,Fun trip to NYC.. Hotel was better than expected😎,"Dedicated elevators Small rooms Good eating choices on site..🍳☕️ 🍽. Large waiting area,, Somewhat chaotic, hundreds of people checking in and out, some just milling around.. Homeless pan handlers on sidewalk near the hotel.",3
7617, March 2017,very good experiece !!!!,"Nice place, small but comfortable rooms. Excellent location and hotel amenities. Live music, bar, check in and check out fast. Close to the main places to visit and good service of excursions for sale at the door of the hotel",4
7618, April 2017,Excellent Location,"Just returned from a 5 night stay. Didn't have a great start-arrived at midnight, faced with a long queue at check in and then told room not ready. As a few people before us had been told they were having to go to a sister hotel we were relieved that we just had a 40minute wait!! Relief was short lived as we saw our room on 26th floor - we weren't expecting much, despite paying for an upgraded room at time of booking, but it was not only small but filthy. Smelt of stale smoke, was dusty and had pubic hairs on bathroom shelf and nails/hair beside bedside table. Carpets grubby. We asked for room to be deep cleaned and were told it would be the following day. After a fab and busy first day in NY we returned to our room. Gutted to discover that although bed had been made and sink",4
7619, April 2017,We Love Row NYC,"My best friend and I Love Row NYC. It is always a great experience. The location is perfect. One block off Times Square so we can drop bags off easily. Quick change before the theater. The beds are so very comfortable. The staff is always pleasant and helpful. We never stay anywhere else, because after 12+ visits it is always a great stay. And they always have someone checking for room keys at the elevators by mid afternoon. Makes me feel safe. The bonus is always a staff member outside to help you with taxis. I 100% recommend this hotel to all my friends or anyone that asks my opinion on a trip to NYC",5
7620, February 2017,Good hotel,"Rooms really clean.. has everything you need, good lifts, handy location, don't love staying so close to Times Square but would return.. comfortable beds, good hairdryer ..would recommend .. coffee and food market next door",4
7621, April 2017,A shame! Worst hôtel offre m'y life,"Single bed whereas i paid for double bed, no towels in the room , room not clean and à lot of noise (like if Subway Was in the room ) and to finish manager really notre nice Who said to me that it Was normal for the prise ( 230 dollars by Night !).",1
7622, April 2017,Overnight trip in NYC,"Flight cancelled at Laguardia left me scrambling to find a hotel last minute. Row was convenient, clean, and room/floor was quiet. Got a free upgrade. Staff was nice and they had a gentleman ensuring you were a guest before using the elevators which was extra sense of security.",5
7623, January 2017,Good Location. Rooms a little worn down.,Row has good location for first time visitors to New York. Close to Times Square and close to underground and to Airport bus station. Hotels looks nice and classy and service is fine. Rooms are okay but a little small if you require a lot of space or if you are staying for longer time. Rooms are a little worn down but still OK. Could need some renovation to keep level. Cleaning was fine. Room had nice view to the west of Manhattan. But had hoped for even better view sine we payed for that.,4
7624, April 2017,Hotel doesn't understand what ADA compliant means,"I had an ADA compliant room confirmed because of a surgery and not only was the room not available upon check in, but the clerk at check in had us waiting 35+ minutes (me standing on crutches) before getting us into any room. The room did not have a walk in shower, but a tub, which made it unusable. And we checked out a day early and they still charged us for the second day.",1
7625, March 2017,Facilities Fee and Small Rooms,Beware when you book or arrive at the Hotel they charge a facilities fee at the hotel nearly $30 a day but you do get a free water bottle wow. Small rooms as well and a room high up is best away from the elevators.,3
7626, April 2017,I'll be back for sure!,"I had a wonderful stay! Zach at the front desk set the tone for a wonderful experience. The hotel is beautiful, and the resteraunts were great. Even though the hotel was packed with guests all the staff I encountered went out of their way to make me feel special. Next time I'm I New York I will stay at ROW NYC without question.",5
7627, April 2017,Check-in is a problem.,"Check-in was very slow. It took 30 minutes. Every time I walked past the lobby, there was a very long line of people waiting to check in to the hotel. The room was clean, but small. There is a barn door between the beds and the bathroom, so you hear everything that goes on in the bathroom. Location is great. Decor is very vibrant and cool. Staff very friendly.",3
7628, April 2017,Average,"The Row is a nice little hotel with small rooms but average for New York, German at front desk was awesome but where it lacked was the service from the bell team, I've been a bell services supervisor in Australia for a while now so I know what needs to be done but when my Fiancé and I are lugging 4 suitcases through the front door and all the Bell Attendants are just standing there chatting to themselves and not bothering to say ""welcome to the Row"" or help take our bags dampened my mood as soon as I walked in. Hotel Location and Facilities are good Service is actually shithouse",3
7629, April 2017,"Decent Hotel, Great Location, Friendly Staff","Well kept hotel, rooms may small, but when here for sleep only they're perfect! Heard a lot of negatives about the lifts, but we've found them to be great, haven't waited more than 10 seconds for one, even at peak times. Staff also very friendly, when checking in Zac on reception was very helpful and went out of his way to ensure we got a good room!",5
7630, March 2017,Busier than Grand Central,"This place is huge (1300 rooms) so if you're looking for a personalised boutique type hotel experience then look elsewhere. It's bustling at all hours of the day and night ...in fact it felt like a railway station in the lobby at times Hotel staff are helpful but not easily available due to the constant crowd of people (and huge tour groups) waiting to check in If you arrive early they will store your bags on the ground floor (and also when you check out) Check in is on the next level up If you want to be close to theatres, Times Square (4 mins walk) Restaurant Row (5mins walk) etc then this place is perfectly located. The area outside the hotel entrance is very very busy with human traffic and touts loitering trying to flog the hop on hop off bus tix etc Rooms are small and",3
7631, April 2017,Impeccable service,"rien à ajouter , super hote chambres propres proche du centre et proche de times square. Fast service . Taken by Cesar an efficient, friendly and very professional receptionist. Cesar to recommend! Front Desk Associate : Cesar",5
7632, April 2017,ROW NYC - Great reasonably priced hotel option!,"ROW NYC is a great, reasonably priced hotel option in NYC. Consistently clean rooms with fairly easy check in process and good location. Like the water bottles and refill services provided on each floor of the hotel.",4
7633, April 2017,"High energy, good location- ""facilities fees""","Decent big hotel, smallish rooms a bit noisy inside and out. Beware the ""facilities fee"" which ups the advertised price considerably. Not the best value in the area but not the worst, either. Busy lobby",3
7634, April 2017,Don't Bother,"I booked this room because it was a relative bargain - $192 after all the fees including a resort fee! This is no resort. Tiny, bare rooms. I originally booked an ADA room because it was available and larger. I ended up with a room with two full beds. I was assured it was a larger room. It wasn't. The place was clean but that's about all the good I can say about it. Great location if you don't plan on spending any time in the room - right off Times Square.",1
7635, September 2016,OK stay for NYC,"We chose this hotel as it was so central and walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go to. I found that the rooms were very small and not the cleanest either. We were travelling with our 3 month old baby and struggled in a double room. Also we were charged a lot more for the room than we had originally booked, so make sure you check the small print. Other than that it was located centrally and was very busy.",3
7636, April 2017,An okay stay.,"We made the best of it. Not a place to chill out in your room. Convenient for walking distance to everything. The hallways are dark, and the lobby was very Crowded. The price for the location was very reasonable.",3
7637, April 2017,Cool and central,"Great location, hotel busy but still personable staff. Several options for food within hotel complex as well as being in one of the busiest restaurant rows. Only downside was hotel is ageing a bit so looking a bit worn in places.",4
7638, April 2017,Location is great,"This is a very good choice for location and value. It is close to theaters and restaurants, is clean and comfortable. There is a bar snd cafe on the premises that are very convenient. I have stayed twice and found it just fine.",5
7639, April 2017,Terrible,"The room was very clean But, There was no WIFI There was not any helpfull stuff It was very noisy The worst otel i ever staid in. It should be 3 stars And the price is not well according to the quality.",1
7640, April 2017,Terrific!,"Location is everything. The Row has everything! Located In the theatre district, walking distance to time square and the textile district and subway station. The room was clean and comfortable. Service was excellent. Many restaurants near by and a swap meet just a couple of blocks away too. We will definitely stay there again!",5
7641, April 2017,"Great hotel, fantastic location!","From the moment we arrived to the minute we left we couldn't have asked for a better experience for a stay in NYC. We flew into JFK and the yellow cab was a fixed price of $52 to the Row NYC which is in Times Square. The doorman kindly greeted us and directed us to reception where we were promptly served by Caesar - easily the most professional, courteous and friendly receptionist I have ever come across. The hotel is located one block behind the main hub of Times Square (where they do the New Years Eve ball drop) so to be that close to all that energy but just around the corner enough to get a good nights sleep was perfect for us. There are a few choices for eating joined onto the hotel and a really cool bar just next to reception that we went to every night just to sit",5
7642, April 2017,The Row NYC,"The Row hotel was a great value for money, The hotel is central and busy and mimics the atmosphere of NY inside the hotel. The City kitchen cafe is a great onsite food choice, with food to take with you on the go, you won't be spoilt for choice either with several options to choose from. The rooms were small but clean, tidy and well looked after, Safe to store valuables in and fully functioning wifi to use throughout the whole hotel. The highlight for me was the hotel bar - we were served by a lovely young lady called Lili, she delivered excellent t customer service and should be praised for her efforts. Friendly, Helpful and funny - she made the experience much more enjoyable. overall a great stay - would return to this hotel.",4
7643, March 2017,"Great location, good hotel","I have stayed in this hotel 3 times and would recommend it as the location is superb. It is a few blocks from Penn Station and has a Subway entrance on the corner of the block for easy travel down town. The rooms are well serviced although small in comparison to what we expect in the U.K. And Europe. Check in can be very slow although you can do it online but I only got that message on my phone after I had checked in. Beware of the several taxes added to your bill as what I was quoted was $220 dollars less than I had to pay. I was disappointed that there is a ""facilities fee"" added at the end also which should be built into the quotation when you book it.",4
7644, April 2017,A perfect stay,"What a fabulous stay - it's all due to the wonderful check-in experience I had. The hotel is extremely busy, and I admit I was a bit worried that check-in would be a hassle. What a pleasant surprise! Douglas, who registered me, was a delight from start (with his great smile), to finish (after patiently answering all of my questions). He made sure I had everything I needed. I was really impressed! My room was spacious and clean. Hotel location couldn't be better for a theater-goer like myself.",5
7645, April 2017,Great Location at a reasonable price,This was my first stay at the ROW NYC and I will certainly stay there again. The rooms are clean and well maintained. The on site bar was a great place to unwind between arriving and heading out for a night on the town. It is conveniently located on 8th Ave. near W 44th Street so it is in the heart of the theater district.,5
7646, April 2017,High End Hostel for a good price,"Great Location, Very small room, bathroom even smaller. love the elevator system, evening entertainment in lounge was excellent, the ad stated ""fridge, on request"" but when asked for, it was $35.00. should have said ""fridge available"". Also there was a resort fee of $30.00 a day that was hidden (really???) left luggage was super. We checked out at noon and left our luggage until 8 p.m. no charge but a healthy tip was worth it. All in all for New York if you just want a clean room to sleep it was fine.",3
7647, April 2017,Row hotel,Beautiful vacation for our italian family and also for New York City. This city is the best city in USA because it is the big city and it has a lot of interest points and a lot of shops to buy some things.,4
7648, April 2017,leave plenty of time for check-in,"Everything met expectations except check-in line which was very long and the lobby set up which was very confusing. The room could use a new coat of paint too in order to cover the scratch marks in the paint above the headboard.... Otherwise staff were very friendly & helpful, and the hotel was very convenient, clean and served the purposes well.",3
7649, April 2017,Dark halls small rooms,"Halls and lobby are dark and the rooms; especially rooms with one bed, are tiny. The lobby is busy chaotic and noisy and the elevators are tiny and cramped. The staff corrected what they could by moving us to a room with 2 beds which was larger and more comfortable. Housekeeping and front desk staff were excellent.",3
7650, April 2017,"Hell, No - RowNYC","Horrible: check in process, black mold in bathroom, no bath mat, beyond cheap bedding, horrendous external noises (trucks beeping at loading docks) kept us awake all night. $50 hold fee is a total crock.",3
7651, March 2017,Staying at ROW NYC,"The hotel is excellent for visiting NY. Most attractions are within walkdistance. The staff are serviceminded , the room I had was situated to the back so it was ok at night. Overall I'm very satisfied.",4
7652, April 2017,Nice Location,"My husband and I enjoyed staying at this hotel, since it was close to everything. It was very busy the night that we stayed due to school aged kids being on Spring Break. This was a good hotel at a decent price.",4
7653, April 2017,Efficient and comfortable,A very typical place to lay down your head after running around midtown. It gets busy. We were unable to reach the front dest at checkout and ended up dragging our own luggage down. Everyone was polite and free upgrade was great. Valet parking great. Room was comfortable. Air and heat worked well. 24 hour store in lobby very convenient. Would stay here again.,4
7654, April 2017,"Trendy, clean, convenient","I was very pleased with my overall stay. Helpful and knowledgeable staff at the front desk, clean room, with modern design and comfortable bed. It was so close to everything and had lots do and see within a few blocks.",5
7655, April 2017,Good staff and perfect location for turists,"We booked a standard room which wasn't available when we arrived, Zac at the check-in upgraded the room to a superior room at the same price. The room was small but clean with a partial view on Times Square and the theater district. There were some noises from the street at night (e.g. street work) and from neighboring rooms, however not enough to keep us awake at night. This is not my first trip to NYC and definitely this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at for the price and location. I'll probably come back in the future.",4
7656, April 2017,Honest review,"This hotel was a mixed bag. On arrival it looked very modern and funky and clean, check in was quick but was late at night. We liked that the hotels go to floors when you tap number in, that was good. Got to the room and was provided an upgrade, surprised as room was quite small compared to others we stayed in but was good none the less, then later that evening I saw a cockroach crawl across the floor I called reception and they apologised profusely and said they will get exterminator in and gave us a new room, the next room wasn't well maintained, big dents in wall, paint and woodwork off desk, holes in the skirting board (this concerned me as well because what about cockroaches), the room was even smaller. Went down and spoke to them and got another room, lady room was ok, the",3
7657, March 2017,Great Location,"Perfect location for midtown. Nice room, but in booking a ""View Room"" I expected something higher up than the 7th Floor. Many teenagers there, but I did travel during Spring Break. Clean, big room - having booked a King.",4
7658, March 2017,Terrible Mistake!,I regret choosing this hotel. They gave me a dirty room and the noise in the hallways is terrible. The employees werent that nice with us. The only good thing was the location. I wouldnt go to this hotel again.,1
7659, March 2017,Don't even know where to start,"The check in process here is ridiculous, they have nowhere near enough staff, we waited in a queue for 40minutes after a long day travelling from the UK, staff were unfriendly. Our luggage was delayed by our airline, it was delivered at 8am by a courier the following day, because this hotel is so incompetent despite asking 8/9 times throughout the day and getting no help from any member of staff, we didn't receive our luggage until 9pm. They effectively ruined the first day of our holiday and gave no apology for this. They have a secret resort fee which is mentioned nowhere when you book which is an absolute con, the wifi doesn't work most of the time and the water machines are always empty. The rooms are okay by NYC standards but the heater turns itself on randomly throughout",1
7660, April 2017,The RowNYC - not good for business travel,"When you travel for business, the goal is for everything to be easy, comfortable and relaxing. I only came here due to a client telling me to stay. I will review most places or stay at my go to hotel. Getting through the revolving door with luggage was trying, wading through the crowd of kids - yes kids was stressful, having my room be cramped (well what did I expect here as it is NYC) and then having my power go out was not fun for an overnight stay. So, no I will not return.",2
7661, January 2017,Perfect NYC Hotel just off Times SQ,"This hotel ticks all the boxes you need for a short trip to NYC. around the corner from Times SQ and if you want to avoid Times SQ its still a great location to hop and subway and get anywhere in the city. Rooms aren't amazing but they are relatively spacious and very clean and very affordable hotel. Just ask for a higher room as high-pitched siren noise in NYC cannot be avoided but the higher you go the less loud! Hotel staff are also very friendly and helpful. Don't fuss about too much looking for NYC hotels, just book this one, perfectly adequate and affordable considering how much time you will actually spend in the room.",5
7662, March 2017,Stay at Row NYC Hotel,"Room was very clean. Staff was very professional and helpful. Have stayed at this hotel many times, love the location to theaters, Time Square, and restaurants. Love the addition of restaurants in the hotel and the candy shoppe.",5
7663, April 2017,Convenient Location,"The Row Hotel is clean and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. As I said before, it is in a great location especially near the Broadway theaters. There are many restaurants nearby. You can walk to many locations staying at this hotel.",4
7664, April 2017,NYC Trip,Celebrating 21st birthday and found this hotel to be in the ideal location for touring around the city. Would definitely recommend this place to any friends and family and would not hesitate to return in the future,4
7665, March 2017,Travel agent error was fixed immediately,"I am a travel agent and made an error and booked an extra room. My client was charged for a no-show and when they found the charge on their statement, they asked me to fix it. I contacted the Accounting Manager at the hotel and asked her if she could reverse the charges, which she did without hesitation. I have not personally stayed at this hotel, but judging by the way they worked with me to correct my mistake, I would highly recommend staying here. Super appreciative that they worked with me without hesitation to get this corrected. Thank you!",5
7666, March 2017,Row NYC is conveniently located in the theater district,"Row NYC is a great choice for theater goers since it's centrally located in the theater district. Is walking distances to many of the shows. Safe choice for families in the high moderate price range. Clean, comfortable and secure. The food court had good selection of quality food you could enjoy while seated in the tables provided or take up to your room. Thoroughly enjoyed the stay and would definitely recommend.",5
7667, April 2017,NEWYORK=FUN=ROW HOTEL,"The Row Hotel is an excellent place to stay. Its location is convenient so that you can walk or take a 10 min. cab to all kinds of sight seeing , shopping, and restaurant. Just right outside of the Hotel is everything. Enjoy !",4
7668, April 2017,Good place,"The atmosphere is amazing, very busy all the time like the city itself. There are two restaurants in the lobby that are really good. The people who work here are very helpful, but the rooms are not very nice, and if you didn't pick a room called ""city view"" you will, most likely look at a wall or another window",3
7669, April 2017,Poor check in,The room we booked is not available. 45 minute check in process only to be given a tiny twin room. Too late to eat! 95 dollars charged by the hotel for a 5 minute van trip from Penn station. Wtf! Cannot recommend this hotel and was so looking forward to coming here. Disappointed.,1
7670, March 2017,Row Hotel,"Nicely situated hotel. Close to everything going on in Times Square and Broadway shows. Bed was comfortabl, room was clean. Also, close to subway entrances. Breakfast wasn't included but there were lots of choices close by.",4
7671, March 2017,good,"It is small, but who spends a lot of time there? The blackout shade was perfect as the lights of Broadway and times square were bright. the toilet is a really tight fit. We saw a few shows, and then came home to a hotel that does not sleep, the elevators ensure that you do not waste time in there.",5
7672, April 2017,The Row for an overnight,Second time at the Row. Room was realky small but clean. Nice bar and great choices for food right in hotel Short walk to some other great restaurants . Walked to the train station. Spin classes right next door. Very affordable. Will definitely be back!,4
7673, March 2017,Great experience,"Good location in Manhattan, small but cozy rooms, great atmosphere! Hotel has a nice bar, excellent to unwind; Raphael and Jose were awesome hosts!!!! Checking in and out in no time; concierge found us goods seats for a play! Great experience.",4
7674, March 2017,Great hotel,"This hotel was booked as a Christmas present for us. The room was great, and a nice en suite bathroom, we overlooked 8th avenue. It is in a great location next to time square, and all the other attractions. Where else could you get a hotel in New York centrally located for £150.00 a night, brilliant value. Just one point when we checked in on our booking confirmation hidden away in the small print there is a daily charge of $29.95 per day for the use of the gym, and free telephone calls to landlines, it is not optional, and you have to pay it. We were not aware of this until we checked in, seems to me a way of the hotel making money out of guests and the charge should be made more clear on booking confirmations. Having said that would recommend this to anyone and would",4
7675, March 2017,First time to New York,First time visiting the Row hotel check in was ok waited about 10 minutes. Room was small and noisy as were we next to lift but the room/ hotel was very clean and an excellent location. Would return to this Hotel.,4
7676, March 2017,I was very pleased and will choose the Row NYC hotel again on my next visit to New York,Check in and check out was very easy fast and uncomplicated. The staff was very friendly and helpfull at any day and nighttime. The airport transport was very good organized. On time and reliable. The rooms are clean and convenient. The location in relation to the price is just unbeatible. Everything was very good organized.,5
7677, March 2017,excelente,"well, the location is perfect, im think you put water in the rooms, is toobadd for my to go for the water, and next to machine no work, but is a big hotel and a lot of people is very hard control all people",3
7678, June 2016,Great Location and love the staff,Was so excited to share NYC as a 3 generation trip. I had stayed here prior with a friend and highly recommended that we go back. Prices were high but it was the time of the year that everything within Times Square is going to cost more. The convenience of being near Times Square but not in the middle of it was perfect. As women traveling we felt completely safe to head just around the corner to our shows at night. Rooms were small and I wouldn't recommend taking large suitcases. We had to get a little acrobatic to get around in our room because there were 4 of us and we each brought huge suitcases. The staff have always been friendly and helpful with anything we might need. You can't beat that it is directly across the street from a Shake Shack either!,4
7679, April 2017,Awesome,"I've always lived in around 'the City'. The row is one of the few places that is reasonably priced (without sharing a bathroom), and is impeccably clean and updated. Even some of the high end hotels just feel old. I love the fact that they don't waste $ on stuff that I don't need. I have one of the greatest cities in the world right downstairs.",5
7680, March 2017,Filthy Room,"Simple, Don't stay at this hotel. the room I stayed is was disgusting hair in the shower dirty towels and possibly the same sheets on the bed as the pervious guest. I left hoping I didn't catch anything. The TV had to be turned on and off manually Thank god I was only there a couple hors each night.",1
7681, March 2017,Row NYC,Very small rooms. Very thin walls. We can hear the other guest and the elevators all night. Very crowded hotel during meal times. Very long wait to check in. Very long wait to drop off or pick up luggage. We did not get the type of room that we booked for. Only good thing is location for this business trip! Very disappointed!,2
7682, March 2017,Good location,"Staff was excellent. Size of rooms was disappointing. Location of the hotel was good. Easy walk to times square, broadway shows and restaurants. For the price it was a good value for anyone wanting to stay in the theater district for a couple of nights stay.",3
7683, April 2017,Great Central Hotel,"Our last night tonight at this great hotel , admittedly this place may not be for everyone as can be very busy especially if you happen to arrive at the wrong time for check in queues can be very long but cannot fault our own experience, we arrived late in the evening so there were no queues and were met with a friendly helpful welcome, once we worked out the clever elevator system we reached our room on the 25th floor which was worth paying extra for premium city view with a great king bed, clean comfortable room only thing would have liked coffee machine and little bit more storage but all in all very happy. The District m bar is great for grabbing a quick breakfast lovely yogurt and pastries . If we come back to NYC would happily stay here again.",5
7684, March 2017,Great Location,"This hotel is in a great location, central to all the main attractions, Times Square is literally on the door step, many theatres all around the local blocks and walking distance to Central Park, Rockefeller, Empire State, 5th Avenue etc. Rooms are basic but clean and cleaned every day. Check-in can take a while as the hotel is very busy but everyone very helpful. Downside is the bar staff! Very rude, everything is an issue - offered complimentary cocktail vouchers but refused to give a cocktail needed to be a beer or a single spirit. Asked for a mocktail as I am pregnant and you'd think I asked for their salary check! Surely a mocktail is any easy request! We met a few other couples in the bar who had also made comment about the staff. When we tried to order the barman",4
7685, October 2016,I'm too old....,"Didn't write anything since now, because I could try to avoid it... In my eyes, seams like a hostel, something for younger people.. As hotel was pretty good (8/10), Cleanness needs work (6/10), Staff was great (9/10) Next time time I 'll try something else..",3
7686, March 2017,Excellent location and perfectly functional hotel!,"Hotel is so clean! Rooms are great, small bit perfectly functional. Really amazing location so a perfect place to stay. Third time to stay here and will definitely be back. Really nice restaurants very close by too.",5
7687, March 2017,The only plus is the location,"I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The location is excellent: 1 block away from the metro station, many different Broadway theaters within 5 minute walk, not far from Times Square. My bad experience started right at check in. The lady that helped me took over 15 minutes to get through the process and when finally assigned me my room the key didn't open because the room was already occupied. After another 10 minutes I was assigned to a room right behind my the elevator and believe me, the noise never stops. The room is small but comfortable. The atmosphere of the hotel is vibrant because of its prime location. My greatest surprise was that I discovered I had been charged $488 by mistake. When I called the hotel the operator kept on transferir me to an extension that",2
7688, March 2017,Home away from home!,"Home away from 🏡 The Row is perfectly located : great restaurants walking distance, broadway shows, Columbus Circle, Times Square and many more. Rooms are clean. Beds are comfortable (especially the double beds)! Cozy bar and music! Fun fun fun!!",5
7689, April 2017,Just OK,The overall experience was ok. The staff was very helpful. The food was mediocre and the bathroom door did not close all the way and do not lock. The shower barely worked and the drain slowly drained.,3
7690, March 2017,"Great location, clean room, excellent Bell Hop, he told me his name, but can't recall","We love staying at your location, we have stayed other places & this is our favorite. Close to shopping, resteraunts, coffee shops, and our shuttle to take us to the Javist Center. Great quality for money spent",5
7691, March 2017,A joke,"I was truly looking forward to my trip here based om the pictures but once I arrived and saw the check in line, I knew I'd made a mistake. We stood in line for over 45 min to check in and there were only 2 people working. Rooms are completely small woth barely any room to move around. The beds were so low to the ground it was difficult to get in and out comfortably. Overall, I would pay more to stay somewhere else next time.",2
7692, March 2017,Great location,"Great location , good hotel , bedroom with good beds , very confortable but sometimes you can have à bedroom near the elevator with lot of noise . Ask the staff to change And it ´s ok. Wonderful staff , with Fernanda Who organise all for you.",4
7693, April 2017,Perfect Location but top small rooms vor the price,"The rooms are so small, we didn't know where to put our luggage. It was Not even possible for two people to move in this room. WiFi was Not always available. Location Well and Overall a modern hotel. I expected more for the price",3
7694, March 2017,Great Location,"I recently traveled to NYC for business. The hotel was selected by my staff. I was pleasantly surprised with the choice. While the rooms are quite small, and the hallways somewhat dark, the location of the hotel could not be beat. The ROW is located in the heart of the theater district. All of the major Broadway theaters are within an easy walk. Times Square is within a couple of blocks as well. There a many great restaurants in the neighborhood as well. The hotel's concierge was knowledgeable and helpful in offering suggestions for dining. The Bell Captain was friendly and accommodating when I arrived before check in and when I checked out but had to attend a breakfast meeting. All in all it was a very good experience.",4
7695, April 2017,my stay at ROW,"mediocre- baggae service was terrible- Very long line, and my bag was ""lost"" (their words) and was not delivered to my room until 4 hours after I checked in. Very busy lobby, lots of people all over the place. certainly not a quiet hotel but then again it is Times Sq.",3
7696, April 2017,"Fine hotel, but would not stay again","This hotel was fine for the price, but they seem to be cutting a lot of corners. We paid for a room with a view on a high floor, but it is not well maintained. The bed was lumpy and had to be replaced. They took two pillows and stuffed them into one pillow case instead of replacing pillows that were falling apart. Bathroom had a terrible smell and the room was not clean. The lobby looked nice and the hotel is well located, but it is very shabby.",2
7697, March 2017,Great experience,Nothing but great things to say about this hotel. The Hotel is super clean always. live music at night. Love it the atmosphere and i will definitely recommend this place to my friends and i will be staying again,5
7698, April 2017,"Nice Room, BUSY/Crowded Hotel","it's never my choice to go anywhere near Times Square, but I had to for a business trip. The hotel rooms were very nice but the lobby was so crowded at all times that I absolutely dreaded coming in and out. The real issue is that it took 45 minutes to check in. Before that, I waited 20 minutes just to have someone hold my bag in the morning. They need more staff members.",3
7699, March 2017,"Nice hotel, great location","Rooms are small (specially the bathroom) but if you pick a room with city views, they compensate it and the location is wonderful, just 2 a minutes walk to Times Square. The lobby is nicely designed and the elevators work particularly well. The food court within the hotel has good food at reasonable prices. The online check-in and check-out work really well and make the whole process really smooth. The price of the hotel is low compared with similar hotels around it, so our overall experience was great and we would definitely recommend this place for a visit to NYC.",4
7700, March 2017,Ehh,"Our stay was ok for the most part. Room was small but cozy , couldn't really get a hold of front desk or concierge which was a bit annoying, very crowded! Loved the late checkout. Probably stay again.",3
7701, March 2017,As NYC hotel in center of it. Should be better.,"Nah, take your business somewhere else. They really do not care for their customers, just want your money. Rooms are not clean, and attitude you get when you report it is really uncalled for in this business.",2
7702, March 2017,USED CONDOM ON WINDOW SILL,"We were expecting a great experience given the good reviews online and the hotel location. However, the room we were designated was specifically substandard. Neither of us achieved a single full night sleep. The room was too hot when air conditioning was off. This was caused by the heating pipe in the corner of the room. The fact the room was above 23 degrees Celsius when the outside temperature was sub 10 degrees Celsius is not normal. This led to the second problem, in order to cool the room down, the air conditioning unit was extremely loud especially for such a small room. Other loud noises not caused by our air con unit were also common, perhaps from other occupant air con units and from the room doors slamming. This made the stay very uncomfortable and we woke up tired",1
7703, February 2017,Good Location,We stayed here as a couple in February it's just a short walk away from Times Square and some of the theatres. The Hotel appearance was nice staff were friendly. Our room was small but we expected that having seen other reviews when we arrived our room was quite dirty but we thought it may have been left without guests in it for a while but even when it was cleaned daily it was still quite dirty so we ended up cleaning our own room after the cleaners. All in all an ok hotel possibly could be better but a great location.,3
7704, March 2017,Good,"I had a bad experience in room service except the everything is fine also reception yet to be improved, beaches when we call for room service or for ball room they ppl has to be answered properly., need to be improved",4
7705, March 2017,New york trip,very nice place to stay although when trying to check in at 2am and your system is down for updating you should have some other way to check in guest and not make them wait after a long trip accross the country.,5
7706, March 2017,Not impressed,"It reminded me of a college spring break hotel. The rooms were not only super tiny, but they were also very beat up because they chose to use the cheapest materials available. Poor acoustics..it always sounded like the window was open. Bathroom had no counter space.",2
7707, April 2017,"Junior Front Desk manager, he is great!","Hello, My trip in New York with Row Hotel was A Chic place to start with .... Then entrance was was amazingly contemporary with luggage elevators and grand wooden entrance stair was very expensively and architectually designed. I was amazed with the concept. Above all, Row NYC Hotel manager Junior was my lucky start as I stepped into this Hotel. His suggestions on combining the two reservations (thursday and friday reservation and saturday&sunday reservation) into one complete room was above the stars you can see in Portugal. Actually I had a visit in Portugal right before i came here. I really appreciate and thank Junior for his kind and soft conversations while through out the process . Even though its New York, his soft and kind voice and tone was a way to excel the",5
7708, April 2017,won't be back,"They asked for a review after NOT responding to feedback given during the stay. Do NOT get a ""deluxe city view"" as there is nothing deluxe, but you do get a window...which contributes to noise. Get the earplugs they offer for outside and inside noise. There was a great bathroom mirror but no full length mirror. There was a super hot(too hot) heater in the bathroom. The shower was tiny. The paint and remodel job was so so so bad. The location is good. If you can get the $99 rate fine but do not pay $249. They will also slap on a $30 fee for mediocre WiFi. Staff did nothing to impress, and did not respond to requests.",2
7709, April 2017,Great Servce,"I would like to say that the Bar team at the Row is very pleasant. Raphael, Jose , and Lilli are very nice and always provide great service.to all of their customers. They are able to service their customers even during the busy hours.",5
7710, March 2017,"Nice hotel, disappointing service","Hotel was very well located, good atmosphere and clean. However, I was ill during my stay and attempted to extend my check out over the phone multiple times from about 8pm the night before my original check out and also emailed the GM. Received no reply or call back and when I finally got through at 4am was told the hotel was fully booked. Very poor service. Was also not informed of the facilities fee until arriving at the hotel at check in. Check in and check out queue is also huge seemingly all the time so expect to wait at least 20/ 30 minutes.",3
7711, March 2017,I love ROW NYC,"I stayed at ROW NYC when I traveled to New York to see ""Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"" starring Josh Groban. The hotel was excellent in every way. The service was wonderful, the from was great and the location was perfect, just a few blocks from the Imperial Theater.",5
7712, April 2017,Great lobby bar,"Quiet comfortable and spacious lobby bar with ample seating. The service by Lili was great. Food and drinks were good and reasonable for the area. Great meeting spot, quiet but with a trendy, chic ambiance. will be back!",5
7713, March 2017,Shoebox Rooms,"I had to stay on a recent visit to New York City, unfortunately. Started off they had my name wrong on the check-in, so that was a waste of 30 minutes. Then I get to my shoebox of a room and I see I had the pleasure of two double beds that were built for pre-teens. There is no coffee make in the room and if there was, I'm not sure where they could put it. You can even tell where they painted over the dirt and grime. For the price I ended up paying, I could have stayed at a lot nicer hotels with bigger rooms. I will say, the only saving grace is their group of restaurants off the lobby. I only had breakfast, but it was good enough to move this hotel's rating from a 1 to a 2. I hope I never have to stay here again.",2
7714, April 2017,Row bar,"Was on a hectic business trip and exhausted. Raphael in the Row bar was friendly, helpful and so professional, I immediately was able to unwind for that short amount of time. Nice work Raphael!! Thank you for being quick to serve that needed drink!",5
7715, March 2017,Superior Customer Services!!!,The hotel is so modern. The price are good. The staff was super nice and provided excellent services! I recommend this hotel to anyone who are staying in Manhattan and want to be close to Times Square. Thank you so much for taking care of me and my family while we were staying there!! We had the best experiences ever!!,5
7716, March 2017,Nice quick trip to NYC,"We stopped into NYC to catch some shows and enjoyed ROW NYC, great location and nice rooms at a reasonable price. Close to Times square and Subway access. Parking a block away. Go today! Fitness center swell. Walking distance to all theatres.",4
7717, March 2017,One nighter,"Check in was quick. Room was not cleaned properly. Toiletry containers were opened and from previous guest. Bed sheet was stained. When called down to front desk to report cleanliness, I was directed to 4 other people and gave up in the end.",3
7718, April 2017,Rudest Staff and Terrible Service,"I cannot believe how terrible the service here is. My friend booked a room in her name, and when her travel plans changed, I ended up getting to the city a few hours earlier than her. She called the hotel and spoke to a manager to authorize my name to be put on the reservation. When I got there, the gentleman at the desk was incredibly rude and said I was not on the reservation, and that because she had booked through a third party site, she had to call booking.com and have them contact the hotel and authorize my name- which is completely ridiculous. Not only did they give conflicting information, booking.com tried calling *several* times and no one there would pick up- the agency actually contacted us by email to say that the hotel wasn't answering the phone. When I",1
7719, March 2017,Disgusting,Terrible service disgusting hotel dirty carpet stains wall stains mold on roofaroof and just to top it off dont get room 844 disgusting just pure terrible. Staff was very rude did not want to help with anything worst hotel ever! I bet if I stayed in a motel it would have been better nice when you walk in but once your in the rooms look behind dresser amd under bathroom sink you'll see,1
7720, March 2017,Row is on the best hotels in NYC,The overall stay was amazing I felt at home they had a bar food and gym what more can I I ask for a decent hotel prices are fare and the staff are amazing and the security is outstanding and the other guest are very friendly,5
7721, March 2017,Great Location,Perfect location for first time visit. Close to the subway and Time square. Great prices and staff was wonderful. The room was small but still comfortable and I loved the deep bath. Would of loved a shelf iin the bathroom for my things. Overall it was very good place to stay.,4
7722, March 2017,Awesome Hotel!!!!,"It was our first time in NYC and The Row made our stay extra special! We used the AAA Parking package, which was the most amazing deal. Received an awesome rate on our hotel room and it included Valet Parking! We booked for 3 nights in the Deluxe City View room (ended up extending our trip for 1 more night bc of how much fun we were having)! The room was a good size and everything was newly renovated. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I loved having Times Square a block away and the best part was having City Kitchen connected to the hotel. I got sushi everyday at Azuki :) We will definitely stay here again!",5
7723, March 2017,Rosie from Brooklyn,"An amazing hotel , clean , happening, total alive at night, center of the city. We love it! they have express check in and check out. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable. Love the cool water bottles they leave in the room to use. Price is right!",5
7724, March 2017,Excellent choice for Manhattan,"If you like to walk a lot and save $ on transportation, this is an excellent hotel to stay cus u can go walking to many places there. Safe Hotel, good crew, guys on the bar were very nice too. You have 4 types of restaurant inside the hotel so if you're in a rush, u can have a quick lunch inside the hotel and enjoy the city",5
7725, March 2017,Funky in a way...,"Funky in a way, but just run-down looking to be honest - rooms are very small - couldn't walk between bed and dresser/tv except sideways. Bathrooms had flaking paint and mold. Beds/linens/pillows were very comfortable. No closet, just a small wardrobe with 5 hangers - not enough room to hang up long-hanging clothes. Iron, but no ironing board in the room.",3
7726, March 2017,Good stay,"The room is clean and tidy, but it's a little small for two persons. I really like the location of it, it's so convenient to many places. Sometime I can just walk to hotel afer visiting some places. Recommend to book here if u r not so familiar to NYC. I may stay here again if coming to NYC sometime again in future ☺️",4
7727, March 2017,Could have been better.,The front desk person I encountered when we checked in was very rude when I asked her questions. Our room was clean except for the bathroom. There was quite a bit of dust and even pubic hair in places. It also had a rather sour smell.,3
7728, March 2017,Row nyc,Not a bad hotel good location . Staff were very helpful . Room is clean .no coffee or tea which is a downer .and restaurant does not open till 9 . You also need to know you have to pay 30 dollars a day for phone band wi fi . Which I thought was really bad . Noise is pretty bad to but they do offer ear plugs lol .,4
7729, March 2017,4 Day Stay at ROW NYC,"Room was kept very clean and the employees we're very pleasant. The only negative feedback I can get is only being able to receive a refrigerator per request and fee. Other than that, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay!",5
7730, March 2017,Cool.. Hip !!!,"the location was great!!! very near visitor centers, times square....and just about everything!!! you can walk thru all the the attractions was able to catch live bands at the the district... and had a room with the view of NYC skyline...really great!!!",5
7731, March 2017,Pretty good,Great location easy to walk to everything. Only down side it's very busy and takes ages to get into a lift there tiny and there's a line up just to get in the lift. Also cleaners never topped up soap.,4
7732, March 2017,Row NYC - The best of all at 8th avenue,"Its a perfect location with modern rooms. Unlike the other hotel, the prices are good with excellent staff service. I wish you could have get availability for next 8 days as well but unfortunately they sold out and I have to move to different hotel.",5
7733, March 2017,"Great location, great service!","The rooms are small but comfortable. Especially their soft comfy beds :) Not great window views but overall a clean environment. Best part of the hotel is their warm and friendly service. Especially the most awesome and good looking (wink) bartenders in the hotel's hip and modern bar, Raphael and Jose. Great happy hours and after theatre show hang out because of their professional and friendly service. Will be missed! :) I'd definitely stay at Row NYC again. Edda Lopez-Duprey Ashkenazi",5
7734, April 2017,I rate the bar staff 5 stars,After a full day of running around NYC we put the kids to bed and wandered down to the lobby bar. Lili and Josie were fantastic. Great service and conversation. Make it to district M and enjoy. They are great servers,5
7735, April 2017,District M review,After a long NYC day of walking we came back to Row NYC and just wanted to relax so we decided to grab a drink at District M. We were warmly greeted by Lili the server and Josie the bartender. Not knowing what to order they helped us decide by talking with us and asking us questions to get an idea of what kind of drinks we wanted. They were made perfectly to our liking! They're amazing service will keep us coming back to the Row hotel!,5
7736, April 2017,Amazing bar staff,"I stopped by the hotel bar after a long day of work. My bartender was Josie. He greeted me with a smile and was very polite and cute. Tony was his right hand man and was very funny. He recommended me a good drink. The waitress LiLi is also beautiful and witty, she assisted in anyway she could. I definitely recommend coming to Row NYC and stopping by District M! The menu and service is incredible!! 10/10",5
7737, March 2017,Row NYC,"Would definitely stay again. Great location, great ease of use for all check in and out. Comfortable room that was clean, bright and well appointed. Did not use the internet, gym or breakfast but world assume they were as flawless as everything else.",5
7738, March 2017,German Romero front desk guy was awesome,concierge phone shouldn't go to voice mail as I had called about parking but the phone went right to voicemail. Room was clean and comfortable and location was awesome as we had dinner at the new city kitchen,4
7739, March 2017,Would recommend,"You must remember you are in NYC. The rooms are small but we spent little time there. There were clean and it was quiet. I have no idea how it could be so quiet being so full. There was a little mix up with our room which we were fine with. When you have a big operation mistakes occur. They were very apologetic and went above and beyond making it up to us, which absolutely was not necessary. A recommend this hotel and I will do the same to anyone that asks. Nice place and the perfect location. The staff were above and beyond.",5
7740, March 2017,Meh,"Very good location. Not so good checkin procedure. Paper thin walls in room. Extreme lack of sleep. Poor wait service at hotel bar. Bartender was upset at party sitting at table at end of bar. Continually made racial comments about them on his way back to the bar. Good value, very good location but I will look elsewhere next trip.",3
7741, March 2017,Really good value.,"Location is fantastic and staff is wonderful. Rooms are cramped if you don't opt for premium, but still nice. Toilets are uncomfortably placed in each room I've stayed in, but workable. Overall, great.",4
7742, March 2017,Love this place,"Been here twice now, cant fault anything about the Hotel or Staff. Local to Times Square and good eating, would readily recommend. Beds are so comfortable, they hug you when you lie down. Hotel and room cleanliness, spot on.",5
7743, March 2017,This is a horrible hotel with filthy dirty rooms! Housekeeping is non existing and there are dirty sheets and bugs! The,The lobby is very nice and so is bar area but once you get to your room your shocked! I also can't express the lack of phone response by the front desk once at the hotel. Nobody answers the phone if you call from your room. Very understaffed!!,1
7744, March 2017,Clean nice area but small space,My experience was ok...ive visited another place in Manhattan very spacious very clean a little cheaper...this place isnt bad but for the price u pay you should get a little more room...i must say it was very clean,2
7745, March 2017,Good stay close to Times Square,"Very close to Times Square, this hotel is a perfect place where to stay to visit NY It is very busy and in the lobby there are always a lot of people but everything is very well organized Complimentary breakfast is too poor. And every addition is too expensive (6 USD for a croissant!!!) Rooms are clean but very small Gym is good Wifi is working wel",3
7746, March 2017,Very good hotel in a very good location,"The hotel is very close to Times Square, restaurants and pharmacies. Staff was nice and available on request. The room was a little small but the view was amazing (level 27). The hotel is modern. We recommand this hotel.",4
7747, March 2017,Quality hotel. Terrible support and service,"While the location and the quality of the hotel and room are right on par with the price and location. The Row is left wanting in other categories. Such as customer service and realiability. I have stayed at ""The Row"" five times over the past two years and not once have they gotten my billing correct. Following each stay I am either double charged, over charged, or have a random charge. Get ready to spend the better part of a week trying to reach the guest billing department or even the hotel switchboard operator at that. If you're lucky enough not to have a problem with billing, then you still have to deal with the horrible customer service of the front desk attendants and the manager on duty. Of all the times I've stayed whether I had a small or big issue with my room it's met",3
7748, March 2017,Row disappointment...,Location is the only positive in this hotel. Can't recommend to anyone. Room too small to have two double bed. No coffee or tea maker provided. Wardrobe too small. No enough space to put aside luggage.,1
7749, March 2017,Horrible and great at the same time,"Be careful with taxes when you book the rooms; they have more taxes than average so it seems cheap but it's not and there might be other hotels (Yotel...) around the same price and much better. The self check in and out were the most appreciated given the long line at reception, so make sure to do it before arrival via the email that is sent. Request a quiet room in case they can take it into account (more up) to avoid the noisy rooms (906 was noisy). The hotel is well located and the rooms although a bit small are clean and modern. The gym isn't amazing so it's better to go to the gym outside of the hotel in the city (Crunch...). At the bar there was a concert; they're quite good with entertainments. All in all for the same price it's worth checking other hotels but if there's",3
7750, March 2017,Row NYC,"Excellent location and clean room. Good place to stay if you want to be in the heart of Times Square. Pretty good value for what you're paying, and within a 30 minute walk to other parts of the city. Quiet room; no issues with noise.",4
7751, December 2016,Great hotel,"We really enjoyed our stay here. Room was bright and modern (maybe a little warm but it was December) Staff were helpful and friendly. Good location to all the most do's off New York. Nice on site restaurant, one of those where you sit in the middle and can pick from the choice around the sides. Nice local business selling anything from sushi to Mexican. Very popular with non tourist, so must be a good sign. Would recommend staying here for sure.",4
7752, March 2017,"Location Good, other things not so","Great location, great room and view from it. Close to the action if the action is what you want, you can literally step around the corner for a Broadway Show/Time Sq. The problem with this is that it is not A quiet location, this is was only made worse by overnight construction for the period of my stay. I was not informed in advance or at check in. Fortunately I had sleeping tablets and god I needed them. The foyer of the hotel is poorly designed, it appears to be overcrowded all the time, leading to log jams and delays getting to the lifts. I also had repeated problems with my room card which kept failing to gain me access to my room Despite taking it to reception, it remained a problem till I checked out. One night, a kind (and rather trusting) chambermaid had to use her card",3
7753, March 2017,Not Up to Expectations,"I don't make the arrangements so I don't always know what to expect when traveling. However, I've traveled to NYC on multiple occasions and have stayed at various hotels. There was no ironing Board provided and based on my needs, I didn't get much value from paying the resort fee. The room was small, which I've dealt with before but I'm used to having a microwave and refrigerator available. It was neat, the decor was nice and I did like the bathroom.",3
7754, March 2017,Pleasantly surprised!,"The Rote and my C has a perfect location if you're interested in going to the theater or Time Square. The price is very reasonable for New York and the hotel itself is very modern, clean with a very friendly staff. Rooms are definitely small, but we were out and about most the time anyway.",5
7755, March 2017,Great location-that's about it,"Great location, old tiny rooms, terribly understaffed. Waited 1 hour to pay for our valet then another 45 minutes for the car to actually arrive. Calling conceriage is basically impossible- called 6 times with no answer.",3
7756, March 2017,Super happy!!,Will definitely book ROW NYC again in the future !! But pls make sure room is 100% clean ... Loved the M KITCHEN. Luggage storage was easy n fast and the doormen were very helpful. Location was the best part of the stay.,4
7757, March 2017,New York Anniversary Trip,Thought we were staying at an upscale hotel. This place is old. They ahve tried to make improvements but have not been successful. Whomever painted did a horrible job. Room way to small even for just 2 people.Pillows were terrible to seep on.,2
7758, March 2017,Thank you,"Thank you ROW NYC. We had a pleasant stay. Helpful staff and good location. It is within short walking distances to the Time Square and shops, including Macys and the bus transportation. Though the room where we stayed can hear all noises from 8th Ave.",4
7759, March 2017,"Excellent location for easy access for theatres, metro,etc, but impersonal.","Booked this hotel through comparison site, got an excellent price but would have been upset if I had paid the listed price. The hotel is huge, the staff were very efficient and checking in was quick once you had reached the front of the queue, just felt processed rather than welcomed. The room was perfectly adequate for a short stay being used as a base for sightseeing, the location is superb everything was easy to find and the metro was very close. It would be fine for business use its just not set up for a luxury feel or pampering. watch out for local taxes and the facility charge added to the bill , it gives you free phone calls from your room even international calls but there is not much else on offer, there doesn't appear to be any room service other than laundry, there is",3
7760, April 2017,Great service,"The service in the bar was awesome , Lili was great fun and very attentive . Live music , great atmosphere and so much choice of drinks . Very cool place to hang out for a quick drink or the whole evening . Highly recommend 👍",5
7761, April 2017,Hotel nice not staff,"Very aesthetically pleasing hotel, bedrooms designed very modern and comfy. However, Staff were very rude to us and due to this i would not go back. Our room key broke and we had to wait a whole hour just to get a new one. We were in a rush and it greatly inconvenienced our trip.",2
7762, April 2017,"Started low, finished wayy high!","At first we got an uncomfortable room, and the lady at the lobby seemed tired and unwelcoming. Coming back to the lobby, we had Douglas to fix it all. Changed our room in a minute, gave us the fullest attention, and was generally generous and welcoming. Awesome service! Thanks! We got engaged during the period of our stay, so the lobby sent us champagne. ❤️ thankssss guys made our visit the best! (she said yes)",5
7763, March 2017,Nice hotel,"This hotel has a cool funky Vibe and a lot of international tourists. Rooms were clean and I appreciate it the security at the elevators. The staff were friendly and aside from the surprise fees for internet, I had an excellent stay.",4
7764, March 2017,Tiny rooms,The rooms were so small and no place to put anything. No coffee in the room. Great location but extremely disappointed with the size of the rooms! View from our one window was to a black tarp strung between the buildings with trash and cigarette butts as our view along with noisy equipment underneath tarp.,2
7765, May 2016,Mediocre standard but good location,"My family and I stayed at Row NYC in May 2016 for 5 nights. To be honest, the professional photos painted a much better version of what the hotel actually looked like in real life. The lobby of the hotel is definitely very nicely done up and very 'hipster' and modern. Upon check in, the lobby was filled with so many guests!! It was as if it were a marketplace. The rooms are not well maintained and shows some signs that it's still very dated (it's a very old building). The rooms are very small (even for 2 pax) - we had a hard time finding space for our luggage. The toilet is EXTREMELY small. That being said, the location was great - if you're looking to be in the heart of NYC. It's walking distance to all the shopping districts, times square, and various nice eateries. I guess",3
7766, March 2017,Charged more then originally proposed,Small rooms and charged 50 dollars more per night after hidden fees. Only positive feedback is location. No availability for queen bed or twin beds (even though it was an option when booking the hotel but hotel staff said its only processed as a request),2
7767, March 2017,My Stay at ROW NYC,The whole entry area/lobby was dark and worn. There was really no comfortable seating. A coffee maker in the room would have been very nice. Noise proofing from outside noise would be a help. The beds were not comfortable. Mine sloped to one side giving me the feeling I had to hang on.,2
7768, March 2017,Very well location,"We were at the hotel for 3 nights and we were surprised to be so closed of the main attractions. We walked a lot to visit. The personal was very friendly and the quality of service was very good. We came with our vehicle from Canada and we had a warm welcome from the doorman, our first contact.",5
7769, March 2017,Not a pleasant stay. Hotel room was the size of a postage stamp and the rest of the hotel was dingy. Staff was rude.,The room was the size of a postage stamp. The hallways were dingy and dirty. The room was clean. The staff was extremely rude. I asked for an electric kettle to boil water for tea and they weren't helpful at all. I wouldn't stay here again.,2
7770, March 2017,Our NYC Spring Break,"Location, staff, hotel was great. Beds were small for 2 adults. Room was small but adequate. Didn't sleep well due to horns blowing all night. On site bar was very nice and very friendly staff. Would liked to have tried the onsite restaurants but we were out late and they were closed when we got back.",4
7771, March 2017,Perfect location,This place was a great deal for the location. The doormen and people at the desk were friendly and professional. We got the parking package and it was the best decision we could have made it was very convenient,4
7772, March 2017,Total Zoo,"This was our second, and last stay at the Row. The hotel is recently renovated, stylish, and in a good neighborhood. The food hall is quite good. Rooms are comfortable. Our criticism with the place is that both times we have stayed, the check-in process takes gar too long. The hotel is frequented by many big groups, and the lobby and elevator areas are continually blocked. THe flow could be greatly improved. We were out of our room shortly before noon on the first day of our two-night stay. By 4:00 pm, the room had not been cleaned. I tried calling guest services, the operator, and the concierge, and no one would pick up the phone. I even tried the house phone in the hall, and it was out of order. I went down to the desk to find the usual zoo, so I asked the concierge (who was",3
7773, March 2017,My view of Raw,"My view of Raw is poor, I arrived at the hotel very late at night and all I really wanted is a warm shower and to sleep well. Eventually I had to take a cold shower. There was too much noise and it didn't feel 100% clean.",2
7774, March 2017,Nice spot for solo stay,Great location. Sufficient space for solo stay. Feel like surrounded by millions of stores and restaurants. Front desk associate Douglas has been nice and helpful. He offered some brochures introducing The city. I'm also pleased with the fitness studio.,5
7775, March 2017,"Fast, Easy, and Clean","This hotel is the center of everything, if you purchase through their site you can totally skip the line by checking in via mobile! This is totally worth it because usually hotels have such LONG lines and the qr code allows you to check in and prints two room keys on the spot. The cafe in the morning has awesome treat + great coffee, and BEST of all they have City Kitchen connected which has a bunch of small food places that are popular in NY. Dough Doughnuts are amazing and the Ramen at the end is yummy and their pork belly is delicious. City Kitchen is open late on weekends so if you're staying in NY for a work trip it saves you trying to find a place if you just want to head back to your room. Also, shake shack is across the street so you honestly can't go wrong. They have a",5
7776, March 2017,GREAT SERVICE,The service was incredibke and so was the ambience. Our drinks were made by the worderfuk Josie and our host Lili was so sweet and pretty. I propsosed. It's fine. Very chill vibe. Convieneinet to everything NYC sunce it's located near Port Authority. I'm a little tipsy so some things are mispelled but it's just because of the wonderful service...def check it out!!...but def was spelled correctly.,5
7777, March 2017,Great place and super locatoon,Services were excellent from valet parking the car to Douglas our front desk associate. Received a lovely room upgrade. Wonderfully convenient to theatres and other destinations. Water pressure was terrific-Always a plus!!,5
7778, March 2017,Ok stay,"Good location, old outdated rooms with questionable cleanliness. Be aware that they charge whole bunch of fees on the top of room rate. Check-in lines are extremely long like all the times try using online check in. They have food court on the second floor, but we found that place across the street has better food selection and much better pricing. Excellent breakfast there",3
7779, March 2017,Lili and Josie row nyc,Awesome drinks and conversation !courtesy of Lili and Josie! Wish the drinks were free but upon seeing Lili's face I immediately was happy I came into this amazing hotel! Make sure to check out Row NYC,5
7780, March 2017,Outrageous fee,"I have stayed several times at this hotel and enjoyed my stay. However, I must balk at the additional ""fee"" tacked on at the end. This was to cover a few luxuries. I explained that I did not use wifi and did not want it. Doesn't matter. It's compulsory. I don't remember the other ""perks"", but the one that outraged me most was the opportunity to drink water from a plastic bag. A PLASTIC BAG! I will stay elsewhere from now on, but on the other hand, I paid my ""fee"" for nothing. I hope they won't spend it all in one place",3
7781, March 2017,Terrible experience,"Bad customer service, filthy rooms and couldn't sit on the toilet without putting leg in bathtub. I'm only 6'1"" 215 and I had to literally put my leg in the bath tub to sit on the toilet. No room on sides of toilet for legs. Had to stand up to wipe. Enough said.",1
7782, March 2017,Just ok,"Real NY experience, crowded, dirty and busy, busy, busy. The room could have been cleaner, orange spot on carpet, no attempt to clena it. All the furniture was banged up. A good price for being right in times square",3
7783, March 2017,Great location and service,"We had wonderful service at the front desk with Junior. The rooms were clean. The location was perfect: Right next to subway entrance and time square, Walking distance to all the Broadway theater. We expected the rooms to be small but they were not cramped at all. Very modern looking.",5
7784, March 2017,Convenient as a shirt pocket,"Next door is a subway station, theaters, restaurants and Time Square is just around the corner a couple of blocks. Take subway (Q70 Bus to Subway) from LaGuardia for 2.75 cents and get off at 42nd Ave stop and exit on 8th SE corner and the hotel is at the top of the steps as you exit! Walk 50 yards to see Phantom of the Opera or several other shows. Jump on Subway to go to uptown or downtown Manhattan. No need for car, taxis... location, location, location",5
7785, March 2017,Great,"Amazing and friendly and great location. Just don't use booking .com they are awful and degrade the hotel. They have terrible customer service . This is my 3 time staying there and first time using booking,com never again",5
7786, March 2017,Review,"Hi, Staff at reception were rude and unhelpful( except mr Ceasar) the room was very noisy from the street even it was on 11th floor, also lots of noise from corridor and next rooms. Location was good.",3
7787, March 2017,Great location...great value,The location was perfect. It was close to everything. We loved the services provided by the hotel. We took advantage of the hotel holding our bags while we toured our last day. Te staff was friendly and helpful. The bed slept well. We were right on the street dog e hotel provided ear plugs an a free relaxation ap. We would stay there again.,5
7788, March 2017,A Great Stay !,"Our stay at this Hotel was fantastic. From check in to when we left the Hotel everything was great including the restaurant District M that offers several dining options at incredibly reasonable prices (it’s NY!). The staff was always very professional and polite. Room,clean and very comfortable. The Hotel is very active and engaging and made our vacation really special. Thank you !",5
7789, March 2017,First time in NYC,Everyone was very friendly and helpful. We especially liked the check in with email. After a long day of traveling it was nice to just get our keys without standing in line. The breakfast was perfect for us and we are glad we went with that package,5
7790, March 2017,NY trip,"Great location, accomodating staff, clean room, good price considering it's great location. I would surely recommend this hotel to my friends. It is not a posh hotel with big rooms, but the helpful staff, clean room and great location certainly made up for it.",4
7791, March 2017,not so nice hotel,horrible customer service mold was in the restroom and the restroom door was broken I asked several times to be moved no one done anything I've even reached out to corporate and thus far I've yet from any of them,1
7792, March 2017,my stay,"My primary concerns regarding my stay at your hotel are the amount of time it took to check in and the add on pricing. I stood in line almost an hour at 5:30 on a Friday afternoon waiting to check in. there were only 3 staff working the front desk. I had the same experience at check out. a hotel with 1300 rooms should planstaffingbetter for peak hours. I strongly disliked having to pay for services I had no interest in using. Adding a gym use fee is ridiculous. I believe the majorityof people staying at your hotel plan to get their exercise from NYC experience, not a gym down the street. this should be an optout service with no fees as all optional services are inmost hotels. the location is the best feature but I think next time I'll try a different hotel in the same area.",3
7793, February 2017,Family holiday,The hotel was handy for Times Square. Fantastic location. The hotel was very busy. Biggest issue is waiting on lifts to your room. The rooms were average in size but very clean. Fresh towels every day.,5
7794, March 2017,"Nice hotel, nice ubication","The hotel has a very good ubication and the services are very good ... im so happy in this hotel I give a deposit for 150.00usd with charge to credit card, they told me that the money will be refunded when i leave the hotel... but until today i don't receive anything... i wolud like to know what happened?",4
7795, March 2017,Perfect location for touristic visit.,"When we checked in, we were told that the a/c is not working for our room. It's like a ""take it or leave it"" deal. It's 1230am and we're tired from a long drive. Was advised that the manager on duty will call us. We asked for electric fan for temporary use. No one called us to resolve our issue. In the morning, I asked for the manager and Anna came out and spoke with me. She resolved the problem and gave us a better room and complimentary breakfast vouchers. And watch out for daily facility charge of $29.00/day/room.",4
7796, March 2017,Decent stay - Heads up on the fees!,"Decent stay. Close to Times Square. Small rooms (standard room) and comfy beds. (Note: You sleep very close to the door. If you're a light sleeper, you will hear every conversation in the hallway.) Friendly customer service, but it was hard to reach them on the phone. I was checking in late (1am) and wanted to make sure my room was held. I had to call 6 times before I could get the front desk! I'm not too happy about the facility fee, between the fee and taxes it added $50 per night to my bill. If I visit NYC again, I would probably choose another property to stay.",3
7797, March 2017,Great value and location!,"Great deal in Times Square area. Rooms are small, but adequate. Good housekeeping. Only 1 block to heart of Times Square and there are good restaurants and theaters just around the corner. Subway station across the street, Ate twice at City Kitchen (an upscale food court) and enjoyed both meals (can enter from hotel lobby). Great for singles or couples, might be a little crowded for families depending on room selected.",4
7798, March 2017,Unhappy guest,Continental breakfast selection was terrible and the TV didn't work. Just communicating with guests to let them know little details and extra charges on card instead of check in when they are exhausted will make things a lot better.,3
7799, July 2016,Eclectic,"I stayed here with my 16 year old daughter. The twin beds were interesting, very small rooms, but typical for the area. The lobby area was crazy all the time. Good breakfast, location was excellent for Broadway, Times Square and restaurants. I would recommend.",4
7800, March 2017,never again,"beautiful entrance, the old rooms, not clean and maintenance free. There were schools on vacation, so many guys, so much noise at night. too much confusion for check in, really too expensive. Never again",1
7801, March 2017,?,I don't know what more to say? It was my first time in your hotel and is very good. Locating prefect and very comfortable room and bed. Nice experience. And I'm sure that will visit your hotel Again !! Hugs from Spain,5
7802, March 2017,Busy and noisy and old must be the main three words to put on this hotel... It is definitely not a hotel we are gonna,Visit again.... The lobby is superbusy and they have tried to make the rooms and the hotel to look modern and so it does - at least on pictures... Old rooms where you can hear the conversations of your neighbor and hear the fart and use the toilet... It should be to stars not four...!!,2
7803, March 2017,Bad,Air conditioning and heating not working. TV remote control does not working. Very large time to check in and check out. Huge row. Very dirty carpet. Bathroom door does not seal completely. It's an adaptation.,2
7804, March 2017,great location hotel,"excellent service in general. Rob in particular. Ask for him and you are taken care of . beautiful view, perfect location, big city atmosphere in the lobby and rooms. Rooms are small, but I don't need more when I'm in NYC.",4
7805, March 2017,Very good,"The Row is situated in an excellent location two minute walk from Times Square, people are so friendly the rooms are basic but so clean and the beds are so comfortable, when I come back to NYC I will stay here again!",4
7806, March 2017,Busy location,"A good but very busy location, the room was a bit small but clean and tidy, there was a maid service everyday. There is constant traffic outside on 8th Avenue and there are people attempting to sell you bus trips etc outside the doors first thing in the morning which starts to get annoying when you only want breakfast. City Kitchen i located within the hotel and is good with a number of diffrent outlets selling a range of food from Mexican to seafood.",3
7807, March 2017,Cheap and noisy,"I chose this hotel because of price and location. Wouldn't stay there again as it was really noisy, towels were dirty, had a handyman who wanted to fix the alarm clock within 5 minutes of arrival and on my last day cleaning staff were knocking on the door an hour before departure wanting to find out when I was leaving",3
7808, March 2017,"Good location, but worst customer service ever!!!","I will speak on behalf of my mother. She is a person that always travels through agencies because She doesn´t know how to organize a trip, so the travel agent booked her in this hotel for about 7 nights. Upon arrival, during the check-in, She was forced to pay extra $150 USD for wifi, use of the Gym, phone calls, and other ""benefits"" that She didn´t ask for (the accomodation was already paid as everything else). She was even threatened that She wouldn´t recieved her room key unless paying the $150 which at the end She had to in other to have a place to sleep. She didn´t have any decent explanaition or had any supervisor or manager to sort this situation out for her, and is way too frustraiting when you can not speak the language properly so you can defend yourself. If you are",2
7809, March 2017,Great Experience,"I have always had a great experience. Have stayed at this property several times. It is easy to find, ease access to several high points in the City.As busy as this property is, they always stay on top to ensure the rooms are clean and available on time. Security is at first always checking to ensure only their guess have access to the elevators.",5
7810, March 2017,No credit after check out for $50 per night incidental charge,"I did NOT receive a credit for their $50 per night incidental charge post-check out, as they stated when I signed for the total amount. Check out, Mar. 15, now Mar. 29. I called a total of 8 times to their Billing dept., reservations, and front desk. No one called me back. I have no choice but to dispute the total charge with my credit card company (45 days to process).",1
7811, March 2017,Excellent Ubication,"Just because I had an excellent welcome at the front desk and German Romero was super polite and welcoming I am giving 3 stars. Otherwise I would give 2. The Ubication 👌 The Front desk service 👌 The rooms were small but ok for two friends and had two twin beds, which were better that one queen. The bathroom is small, and has a door that doesn't give you privacy. The area is noisy, if that doesn't bother you fine. I am a light sleeper so I couldn't 😴. The part that I hate was the cleaning service, a lot of room to improve, they didn't take out the trash 2 days out of 5, there was a q-tip on the floor since we arrived, and they never broom it. We left it to see how long would take for them to clean the restroom. One day they just did one bed 😳 Anyways it was an ok",3
7812, March 2017,Not the place to stay,"Maybe it was a very bad day for The Row. Worst hotel experience I have had in NYC ever. Front desk staff aloof and actually person I spoke with was rude. Good location, but not worth the aggravation. Do not recommend",1
7813, March 2017,Convenient location for Midtown,"We stayed four nights at The Row NYC to attend a conference about 3 blocks away and to visit clients in Manhattan. The hotel is an older hotel which has tried to do a W-like makeover with mixed success. The best things about it are the location one block off of Times Square and the relatively lower price in comparison with other hotels in the area. The downsides are a very, very busy lobby (sometimes felt busier than the street out front, which was very busy), slow elevators, old-feeling rooms and less-than-perfect cleaning. The bar serves a good cappuccino in the morning.",3
7814, March 2017,"GOOD OPTION, GREAT LOCATION","It is the second time I have stayed at ROW Hotel as it has an excellent location and the rooms are a good size, clean and with comfortable beds. The staff is friendly and most of them speak Spanish too. I think they should improve the elevator service as they are extremely slow and one loses a lot of time getting on and off. The lobby is always full of people who prevent you from passing and create a real chaos. I found the cost of Daily Facilities Fee (WiFi, Gym, Water, etc.) is excessive, especially since it is not optional. $27.50 plus tax per room, per night, in addition to the room rate.",3
7815, March 2017,Good Enough... concierge was absoultey useless,"I was conflicted when rating/reviewing this hotel because it was nice enough but there were definitely some major downfalls that kept me from giving it 4 stars. I would come here again, only if my Air B&B of choice was booked (as was the case this time). PROS: The rooms are cute and do the job, comfortable beds, and I LOVED the mirror in the bathroom. It was a perfect place to lay your head for a night or two, but no more then that. Location was nice as it was super close to the heart of Times Square. CONS: Lines to check in were always super long, we got to the front and their was an issue we had to resolve through expedia. We waited an hour to try and get it worked out while Expedia attempted to call the hotel to resolve the issue. We were standing right next to the",3
7816, March 2017,"Unhappy staff, requests not attended to, poor cleanliness.","I travel a lot - every other week. I decided to give this hotel a try, given its location. Mistake. First, during my reservation, i made special requests from the concierge staff. didn't hear anything back until an hour before arrival - and that was from guest services stating they had forwarded the request to the concierge team. OK - fine. Then we arrive. My mobile check in didn't work because the staff hadn't reloaded the key cards - had to wait in line. upon entering the room, none of my requests had been met. It was my partners birthday and I had requested a bottle of champagne, and some balloons - nothing! I email the concierge again. get back later in the evening - nothing. Finally, an hour after I check out I get an email from the concierge ""How may we help you, below is",1
7817, March 2017,Convenient location! Great stay!,"This hotel is a block off of TSQ and has convenient subway locations surrounding it, as well as great places to eat around it. Elevators in this hotel is pretty cool that your floor gets a 'private' elevator bank. The pillows were super comfortable, the beds were great to sleep on after a full day of walking. The A/C was making strange noises in our room the last two nights, but nothing unbearable. The room cleaning ladies were very friendly and understandable that we were running late. The Row NYC is great that it has City Kitchen right inside: lot's of different types of foods to choose from. Because of this, it does get pretty packed on weekends & nights since it's a hotspot. Their restaurant/lounge, District M, is VERY pricey but the pizza is AMAZING. Definitely considering",4
7818, March 2017,"Great location, small room","overall hotel is modern and clean and the city kitchen within the hotel is great. hotel only one avenue over from times square and surrounded by great fast and easy places to eat. checking it took a while as a long que and only few staff on but when checking it was quick and easy and everything explained. room was cleaned every day to a very good standard, a lot of channels to choose from on the tv and overall as a place to sleep after a long day was fine. only downside is that the door for the bathroom isn't a proper door its a door u slide across that doesn't full close off the bathroom from the room and doesn't lock. don't get the full privacy of the bathroom. room was quite small especially as we had booked for the bigger room which when questioned we were told all",4
7819, March 2017,New York in 3 days,Nice hotel very well localized and with a nice modern looking. It has gym for sport lovers but the living room at first floor during night becomes a nice bar to hang out before you go to a club or either a trip to Empire States during night.,4
7820, March 2017,"Reliable, good service","This was my second stay at the ROW, first time was personal with my son, this time was professional. I like the simple and practical amenities (i.e. 'flat' water bottles to be filled on fountains for inexpensive hydration, wi-fi business center type extra charges all combined into one charge (would be even nicer, if it was just part of room charge as it is not optional), Rooms are clean, bright, modern. Breakfast easy to get and pay what you need even if keeping kosher (no $35 charge for buffet when only wanting a boiled egg and a fruit) and upbeat, friendly service throughout. They upgraded my room at no extra charge. The view was stunning! My 2 reasons why not 5 stars for me are: 1) Check-In took a long time. Though German was very friendly and helpful once I got to him.",4
7821, March 2017,The staff and location!!,"Myself and my friend recently stayed here and it was our first time in NYC so we did not know what to expect . When we arrived at the hotel we were checked in by Junior. What a fabulous man! He added to our excitement even more! He kindly gave some tips and advice about staying in the hotel and even slipped us a free drink coupon ;) I can't thank him enough. The men at the front who minded our bags for us made us laugh so much And on departure even chanted ""STAY STAY STAY"" which I am still laughing about now Our room had previously been upgraded thanks to the generous managers . We had an amazing view of NYC and were so close to everything you cannot ask for a better location. The bed was the most comfortable I had ever experienced and we had fresh fruit and water on arrival",5
7822, March 2017,decent hotel,Everything was good except i could hear all cars and people and sirens outside. very noisy considering the other hotels I've stayed in NYC that was the nosiest. the walls and rooms needs updated looks very used and not fresh.,3
7823, March 2017,Comfort vs location,"This hotel has great location but does not offer comfort. We stayed in a suit which is supposed to fit 4. This did not turn to be the case. There was one queen bed and a small hard leather sofa. The sofa was very uncomfortable. This is a very busy hotel which means if you ask for something it may take a really long time, it took around an hour to get extra pillow. the concierge almost never has the chance to answer the phone and when asked he most likely will make little effort to give you an informative answer. Employee at the front desk are the hotel's biggest asset in my opinion.They very helpful.",3
7824, March 2017,Soso,"Upon arrival my room was not ready. We were traveling with a group of girls ages 9-13 for performing arts convention and competition. All other rooms were ready but mine and my daughters. We did not get a room until after 11:30 pm and still paid for that night. The location is really good, rooms very tight and food and bar service was very good.",3
7825, March 2017,FANTASTIC STAY!!,"The ROW NYC is an amazing place to stay. I bring a large group every year as a field trip for our theatre company. The ROW is organized, efficient, clean and very accommodating. I would never stay any where else!!",5
7826, March 2017,Don't believe the pictures,Good localization. The rest is definitely bad. Wifi and TV doesn't work. The room is smaller than it seems and the bathroom is very very tiny. I don't recommend for long stays. The hotel is always full of people and it's noisy.,3
7827, March 2017,Good hotel,"To begin I'm not picky. I had no problems at all. The room was good. I slept good. The room wasn't the cleanest but it was awful dirty either. Super easy to get around, which to me simple is good. House cleaning came everyday.",4
7828, March 2017,When you lipstick on a pig it is still a pig,"I will start my review on a positive note and say that the room was very clean and the hotel has a convenient location for the theatre. However, the attempt at creating a contemporary decor fell flat with the use of poor quality design and materials (when you put lipstick on a pig it is still a pig). Please note that if you book a 'standard' room you will end up with a full size double bed in a room so small you do not have anywhere to lay your luggage to open. I will also say that there are plenty of opportunities for improvement such as customer service and finding a solution to the chaotic lobby and check in process. Do not bother using their concierge service. They are not employees of the hotel and are not motivated to provide concierge service. Litmus Test: Would I",2
7829, March 2017,Great hotel with great staff,Hotel is in a great location. So close to everything. The staff there are very friendly! Zac in particular was incredibly helpful and provide great customer service. We will definitely be back soon!!!!,5
7830, March 2017,Front Desk Associate Robert was great!!,He upgraded our room to two beds and was really sweet throughout the check-in process. Would definitely stay here again with the great customer service at Row NYC! Room was small but comfy. Great location!,5
7831, March 2017,Excellent location,"The Row NYC was a perfect location, we attended a Broadway show and it was right around corner. The hotel was very busy when we arrived but checkin only took minutes. Staff was friendly and helpful. Hotel was very modern and updated. Rooms a bit small but do request a high floor so you don't hear the noise on the street. There was plenty of security in and out of hotel so it makes you feel safe.",5
7832, March 2017,Fantastic!!!,"Service was fantastic. Was served by a front desk associate named Robert who went above and beyond what we expected. Made the start of our holiday all we had wished for. Courteous, approachable and gave us a warm welcome back after our holiday here last year. Would highly recommend.",5
7833, March 2017,Location,"I stayed 5 nights in this hotel. It's fine. Room was clean and quiet enough. Close to theaters, good dinning choices and a Time Square, if you're interested. The bell staff was excellent but sadly it was the only part of the staff that reached that level of customer service. Not that the rest weren't competent, just a bit aloof, smug and too busy or important to help. One day when I returned late in the afternoon my room had not been made up. When I called to see if it could be done before I returned from dinner the rude and Un-empathetic ""Guest Services"" person told me that was up to housekeeping and I would have to call them. Now that's customer service!",3
7834, March 2017,Good location and atmosphere,"Bathroom had peeling bubbled paint on ceiling. Shower spewed water at top into ventilator. There was no blanket or comforter on bed. Cleanliness overall (inadequate vacuuming) not good. Chaos trying to get in. Otherwise, good",3
7835, March 2017,Good hotel price. Fun for evening bar and morning breakfast. Rooms very small.,"Have a drink at the bar and morning breakfast at the same bar! That is the best part about hotel other than the good price. I also like the hotel snack/gift shop. The rooms are small and kind of cheaply put together, reminds me of a small college dorm room.",4
7836, March 2017,Alright Stay,A nice place. But don't expect elevators to come on time. Rooms are suitable. But watch the maids they try to clean your room when you aren't even checked out and won't let you in. Put sign on your door,3
7837, March 2017,Highly Recommend,"The service here was great! To start off, we left behind a silly portrait of ourselves in our room. It meant a lot to us because we got the portrait done right before I proposed to my now fiancè. After arriving back in Texas we thought for sure it was lost. ENRIQUE with security/lost and found was a HUGE help and ended up finding it for us and got it shipped out to Texas. The hotel lobby is beautiful, the location is right where you want to be by times square if going to NYC for vacation/sightseeing. Rooms are very clean and the view we had was great. Would definitely pick this hotel next time!",5
7838, March 2017,Location location location,"In NYC for a quick 5 day vacation and happened upon the Row NYC. The price per night is unbelievably good for the location of the hotel, which is located at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. Recently renovated, this used to be the Milford Plaza Hotel. You are surrounded by Broadway theaters and Times Square is a block away. To the east, 9th Avenue is the beginning of Hell's Kitchen and endless restaurants. Two blocks south is the Port Authority Terminal where you can easily catch a subway line to almost anywhere in the city. The rooms are clean and simple with basic amenities. We had a larger city view room but it was still about the size of a larger cabin on a cruise ship. Comfortable for two people but a family of four would be falling all over each other. Luggage storage after",4
7839, March 2017,Could of done better,This was my first time in New York. What I thought would be the best vacation ever since I had done my research turnt out to be not so great I was hit with extra hotel fees I wasn't told about 35 dollars a day for Internet which came out to 119 which took away from shopping my shower head came off while taking a shower and the tv was going in and out for 4 days I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone .... the staff was very nice and polite great location but it wasn't worth the money .... sorry,2
7840, March 2017,Great but crowdy!,"Very nice hotel, very crowd but thats NYC! It has a great breakfats, great bar, live music at night, a nice place next door, call The KItchen, were u can have lunch or dinner for good money. The rooms are very clean and beds are very confortable. I didn´t like too much the area, it´s very touristy, I prefer Union Square, but still, it´s a very nice hotel, and u will never get bored here!",4
7841, March 2017,ROW SO SO,"the location is great, but I had issues with the cleanliness of the bathroom. the toilet and bathtub were not cleaned when I checked in. the issue was not addressed for a few hours. I had to finally go downstairs. however, the tub was still not cleaned properly.",3
7842, March 2017,Bar staff,All the bar staff are really helpful and efficient. Especially Lili...she was always busy but found time to ask if I was ok. Really nice girl. The bar is lit with subdued lighting and candles on the tables. As a solo woman traveller I felt welcomed and could relax easily.,5
7843, March 2017,"Lovely Hotel, Great Location","Had a great stay with Row NYC. Hotel is in excellent location. Staff are friendly, We had a quick check in and check out. Facilities good. Would recommend. We only had breakfast once in hotel. It was good. The lobby and bar area seemed busy every day.",5
7844, March 2017,Great environment,"Great location Walking distance from time square, subway, bus. Great price per night It does has a nice bar which it seams very popular. A cross the street from shake shaks Did not try the food but I saw big lines for it",5
7845, March 2017,fab weeks trip,"we were located on the fourth floor which meant we were woken up during the night by beeping taxis and loud banging of bins. the hotel was fab, rooms are small but so are a lot of other hotels we didn't spend much time in hotel only to sleep which it was nice to come back to a clean hotel room. I recommend this hotel if your there for a city break! breakfast is simple but lovely pastries. if your looking for a great location this is definitely the hotel for you.",4
7846, March 2017,Recommend!,"Was a great place to stay, couldn't beat the price - especially with the proximity to things in Times Square. It was out of the way enough to not be too hard to get to, but still not crowded. Small room, but that happens in NYC - very clean and comfortable. Will stay again.",4
7847, March 2017,Perfect location but poor quality.,The hotel is located very well. Rooms are small but arranged in a comfortable way. They are not sound proof so if you stay on a low floor you will not sleep at night because of the noise coming from the street. Unfortunately rooms are not clean. You will see dust in every corner. My shower was not clean and I found black long hair almost in every towel. There was also hair on my pillow.,2
7848, March 2017,Great hotel for Groups,"For the past two years I have brought university theatre groups to the Row Hotel. The location is ideal and the hotel is perfect for these trips. Grace V in group sales is excellent and has always handled and accommodated our needs. I love to visit with Jacob at the coffee bar every morning, and Sam in luggage is perfect at what he does. As a University Theatre Professor, I encourage other universities to book with the ROW.",5
7849, March 2017,Row NYC,"I had the perfect holiday in New York City. Hotel was in an ideal location to either walk or take the subway to everywhere we wanted to visit and explore. First impression of the hotel was good, looking modern and classy. The room itself was average. Wasn't the cleanest hotel I have been to, having mould around window frames,a dirty shower curtain and a damaged bathtub... Also having to dispose of a cockroach on the last day! Staff were friendly and polite. Restaurant next door was ideal for quick breakfast and reasonably priced. Overall I had a good time but I wouldn't stay again.",3
7850, March 2017,Excellent facilities!,"For a first time international traveller, accommodation is a big deal. We only had 10 days in Manhattan and wanted to make those days count, the Row Hotel seemed an obvious choice because of its location. Only a block away from times square, the best that Manhattan has to offer is only a short walk away! Unlike most hotels the beds are so comfortable which is just what you need after a long walk on the streets and the heater works instantly which is a must if your used to the warmer climates (Like Australia). If by chance the weather is too miserable for your liking but your still eager for a drink, the Hotel has its own bar on the lowest floor near reception! The cocktails are creative and they have a great selection of spirits and liquor. The staff were wonderful and made",5
7851, March 2017,Lili is awesome,Spent a few hours at the bar in the middle of a long day and Lili took great care of my friends and I! She's awesome. Her recommendations and kindness was much appreciated. Plus she's cute as hell. Definitely coming back!,5
7852, March 2017,Awesome bar!,"The bar here is awesome! Lili, Josie, and Tony are amazing and took great care of us! The drinks are delicious and the atmosphere is super chill and a great spot to relax for a while after walking around the city all day!",5
7853, March 2017,Great hotel,The hotel was great loved it 😊 Was really nice only thing that got me was that my room was not clean enough hair was all over my bath room but other then that everything was great!!!!!! Hotel prices are ok ...,5
7854, March 2017,Awesome,"LILI was the best at the restaurant/bar. So sweet, fun and gave great service! A joy to talk to and we loved getting to know her. Very efficient as well. Also shout out to Tony and Josie! Great service all around",5
7855, March 2017,Great hotel,It was a nice stay and people are so welcoming! German Romero one of the desk associate and he was amazing and so kind! The row is great! Recommend to stay here!!! Also right by Times Square so it is convenient!,5
7856, March 2017,Contemporary funk near Times Square,"Friendly and Helpful staff in a great location. Rooms are clean and comfortable with all the amenities. You are close to the entertainment center of the city with dozens of theatre within minutes on foot. Restaurants, shopping and sight seeing steps away.",4
7857, March 2017,Poor Customer Service not expected from such a nice hotel in Times Square!,"As stated earlier in review, Broken equipment in room kept my 13 daughter and I up all night.. The loud people coming home at night were more quiet than the Clanking heater! Told GM in morning who offered me to breakfast vouchers which we had already as did MANY guests. Not looking for a free night but being in sales myself, I know that to keep a customer and their recommendations a little added value goes a long way...",1
7858, March 2017,Wonderful Experience!,"I've attended Row twice now and both times it's been fantastic. The rooms are beautiful, the food is great and the employees are very helpful. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who's new to New York and wants to experience Manhattan as Row NYC is really in the middle of it all.",5
7859, March 2017,Great Location,"The hotel staff was great and very helpful. The location was absolutely fantastic. Close to Broadway and times square. Price was fantastic. Down side was the noise from the street, but saying that it is New York City.",3
7860, March 2017,Clean and convenient,"Hotel was great for a quick trip. Location was close to everywhere I needed to go. Nice that it was walking distance to the theatres, so I was able to catch a show. Room was small but clean and just fine for sleeping and there was a small desk. My favorite aspect was the online check in. When i arrived there was a long line to check in. I did online check in so I just had to scan my QR code off my phone at the kiosk and printed my room key and off I went. Quick and perfect. Then they sent an email to check out on my phone as well upon leaving. Loved the convenience",5
7861, March 2017,First visit not ny last,"For our first time at ROW hotel, it was pretty nice. The room was very clean, need was made neatly. Only thing was the check out time, I asked for a few more hours. The guy told me they were sold out/ full but right before I asked he gave this lady more time.",4
7862, March 2017,Great stay some minor problems,"I loved the location and the historic feel of this hotel. I LOVED getting my room key by kiosk (saved so much time). My only complaint is the luggage storage, it TOOK FOREVER to place my luggage in storage, love that they have this available but they need to streamline this service or have extra hands on deck when there is a crunch time...we all waited in line a LONG TIME!",5
7863, March 2017,OK for a Short Stay,"We stayed 3 nights in March 2017. The front desk staff was great; pleasant, informative and polite. Bell staff gets a mixed review; some were helpful and patient, while others seemed almost annoyed to have to deal with customers. Rooms are tiny, which is to be expected. Housekeeping was low average at best; I thought our guest room could've done with a serious scrubbing. Nothing horrible, just some visible crumbs and spots/smudges that didn't belong. The bed was super comfy, but the walls seem paper thin--bring your earplugs. Location's ideal for Theatre district and Times Square, and the price beats the big joints by a lot.",3
7864, March 2017,Trip to nyc,I paid for a veiw but didnt get one.... Long long lines at service desk w unhappy employees. Our keys to our room didnt work half the time. Bellman at elevator were not the friendliest. I was hoping for someone that would speak to us and act like they cared to be there,3
7865, March 2017,Excellent location,"Excellent location for knowing the city because is near of everything (subway, importants places, restaurants, etc), the restaurants inside of the hotel is too expensive, but in the Hell's Kitchen is too easy find a good bar or restaurant.",4
7866, March 2017,Great Location,"Great location, of course every hotel can make improvements but overall everything was good. The elevator setup was a little confusing at first so make sure you pay attention or you can easily end up on the wrong floor.",5
7867, March 2017,Bad experience at Row,"What we appreciate most was the view from the 27th floor window. But the room was so small that we couldn't move. The bathroom was clean, but not the room. If we had not payed about $ 300 per night we wouldn't bother...",2
7868, March 2017,"Great Value, Great Location!",Small room that could use some updating but very fairly priced compared to other NYC hotels and is conveniently located in the middle of all the fun things to do in the city. I would highly recommend this hotel of your looking for a NYC trip on a budget.,5
7869, March 2017,Very nice hotel!,"Very nice hotel and staff was very kind! The room was not that good because it was a little old but ok..the position was awesome! Very near to times square! I reallt loved staying here except , i repeat , for the quality of the room...",4
7870, March 2017,Good stay. Excellent location,"Hotel staff is great and always helpful. Rooms, as in most hotels in NYC, are small but functional. The lobby gets a little crowded at peak times but it's not a big problem. I would have liked a little more sound isolation in the guestrooms, as sometimes a couple of loud neighbours could be heard as they walked down the corridors",4
7871, March 2017,Convenient!,"As part of a university trip, we stayed at the Row NYC from 7th-12th March. All I can say is 'wow!'. Usually, as a student, I expect to be staying in some sort of hostel, but Row exceeded all my expectations- and more! Firstly, just off Times Square, the hotel is unbelievably well located, and although other reviewers have complained about the noise, we were so tired from the days adventures every night we had an extremely great sleep every night! I didn't really take advantage of the bars and such, but breakfast was extremely good and I think I possibly had the best coffee I have ever tasted at this hotel! Amazing, comfy, and clean. Although you won't spend much time here whilst seeing the bright lights of New York City, you will be glad to get back at the end of the day!",5
7872, March 2017,Not quite sure what to make of it,"I stayed here when I visited NYC for about a week. Upon arrival the location was ideal, very close to times square and many other attractions. However I find the reception staff to be lacking a welcoming factor. I felt like they couldn't even muster up a smile sometimes. Other staff were lovely, in particular one lady on Concierge, the housekeeping staff and the gentleman checking in the suitcases. When we got to our hotel rooms we were surprised at how small they were however they were very clean and well maintained during our trip so we made do. For what I paid I was expecting a much larger room, even if it was just a double bed room. My other siblings had 2 singles in their room and they were upgraded but the room was still lacking in space. The view from my room faced other",3
7873, March 2017,Great Hotel with Great service & location,Very vibrant and lively atmosphere. All staff was friendly & helpful. Located close to Times square and underground stations. Rooms are nice & clean. Well worth the money. Will definitely stay there again.,5
7874, March 2017,Comfort at Row NYC,"We had a great trip to New York City. We were extremely satisfied with the hotel, with its great location-right at Times Square. The rooms were clean and comfortable and we had a fast check in and check out. You can't ask for more!!",4
7875, March 2017,BEST HOTEL BAR IN NYC!!,"Okay, for real everyone needs to stay at this hotel. Not only is it modern and fun, they also have the best service ever. You need to stop at the bar and have a drink with the bartenders. Jose, Raphael, and Lili are some of the best servers I have ever met! So fun, personable, and welcoming. Wouldn't have wanted to stay anywhere else while I was here! Thanks guys! (Jose isn't bad to look at either!)",5
7876, March 2017,Good stay,The meals in the adjoining food area were fabulous. The location of the Row is marvelous. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. We were delighted to find such an excellent hotel for our trip from Los Angeles to NYC.,5
7877, March 2017,BEST BARTENDER EVER... RAPHAEL,"We came to Row and had an amazing stay! The beds are comfortable and we had some great sleep. The best part of our trip was our time at the lobby bar with the best bartender worldwide... Raphael!! He was simply perfect!! Ive never had such an amazing time at a hotel bar like this! I highly recommend staying at ROWnyc! Thank you Row, and thank you Raphael!!!",5
7878, March 2017,Great deal!!,"This is by far the best ""bang for your bucks"" in the theater district!! Room was great - beds comfortable and shower great, too! Staff was very helpful and the express check-in and check-out made everything easier. The location is perfect for theater goers! I highly recommend the Row NYC and hope to stay there on future trips to NYC!",5
7879, March 2017,Girls Night/Birthday Weekend!,"My experience at Row NYC was GREAT! Customer service was on point, the corner suite was spacious (AND CLEAN), the bed was soft and cozy and the Hotel was live but fun! The room came equipped with electric window treatments for night and day settings! Excellent location just two blocks from all of the action in Times Square. I really enjoyed myself! Only stayed one night but I wish I had stayed longer! Operations Manager Patrick Souffrant was the best!!! He was very courteous and made my Birthday stay extra ordinary! I would stay here again and definitely recommend anyone visiting the area to check it out!",5
7880, March 2017,Best hotel stay...,Staying at this hotel was by far one of the best experiences I've had at a hotel. The employees are very pleasant and personable. The manager Patrick Souffrant was very very helpful and pleasant. He answered all of my questions and was very informative. He made me feel very welcomed and comfortable. The hotel is highly recommended. Thanks staff of ROW NY.,5
7881, March 2017,Grady,"The hotel was in great location, staff was very friendly would definitely stay here again. The bed was comfortable; my husband did not like the bed. The rooms are super small, but it's New York we didn't except anything huge.",5
7882, March 2017,Bad stay,"Our check in and the check out was horrible. On check out I was embarrassed by the official Marcelo. I was waiting for the transfer to pick us up at JFK (at 2 pm) and my internet stopped working! The hotel cut the internet because it had already checked out. I went to ask the marcelo and he said loudly that I was no longer a hotel guest. And where were the $ 110 we paid for the hotel's ""room rates"" ??? We did not see any comfort !!! It is worth mentioning that I am pregnant for 7 months, and yet she treated me badly.",1
7883, March 2017,Nice and great location,"You can't beat the location if you are in NYC to see Broadway shows. The price is right, the rooms are modern and clean, and you can check in virtually and completely skip the line. They gladly let you store your bags after check out, and the staff has always been nice. We've stayed there three times now and consider The Row our New York home.",4
7884, March 2017,Location is perfect!,"Location is the strongest feature of this hotel. Everything else is fine but, the aspect that sets it apart from everywhere else in midtown is it's location on the corner of 8th and 45th. You are in the heart of it all!",4
7885, March 2017,Bar Service,Came to visit NYC with my three friends and Jose and Raphael provided fantastic service and were two fun guys to have some drinks with at the hotel at the bar! Would highly recommend stoping down at the bar at Row NYC for a drink!,5
7886, March 2017,Very good location and price,I like Row hotel location and the price of the room is not expensive. Very good and friendly staff. The internet speed is great!!! The disappointed thinks in the room fridge and coffee maker are not provided in the room.,3
7887, March 2017,"Great location, awesome bar!",Super close to Times Square. We had so much fun at the bar before we went out. Great music and the bartenders were extremely nice and fun! Thank you Jose and Raphael for an awesome time! I would highly recommend going and having a drink with these guys! They won't disappoint!,5
7888, March 2017,Most central,"Love this hotel , great staff very friendly and helpful , great location, would recommend this to all my friends with and without children ... Great choices of breakfast and the country kitchen is great for snacks plenty of places to eat on your doorstep as well as an irish bar just a stones throw away ....... Planning our next trip already .",5
7889, March 2017,Value for money,"I Love New York. Great place and great hotel. Near Times Square. Will definetly stay at Row NYC again on next trip. However, the heater made a lot of noise. My room faced the backs of the building so did not have a good view",4
7890, March 2017,Location location location,Great location in the heart of the theatre district and just a couple of blocks from Time Square. Rooms were clean and the elevators were very efficient which can be a problem with some NYC hotels. Overall great value for money given location,4
7891, March 2017,A hotel that doesn't care,The staff is quite unwilling to resolve an problems or find a solution that meets in the middle. Make sure you book with a refundable rate because they WILL NOT match or modify against THEIR OWN modifications or changing specials. Unwilling to upgrade a room to price match their own prices/rooms. It's a sad lack of customer care.,2
7892, March 2017,Hotel Bar & Everything In Between,"Wow! First time in NYC! This hotel was amazing and very accommodating. We spent a lot of our time at the hotel bar with Jose and Raphael. Raphael made the best drinks! Both are very social and Jose is a good behind-the-bar dancer. Thank you for a great experience, guys! We love ya! See y'all at the next bar since we're currently closing it down.",5
7893, March 2017,GREAT PLACE TO STAY IN NYC!,"We enjoyed our stay at The Row NYC. It's centrally located, which makes it convenient to plenty of restaurants and other attractions. The elevators are computerized and they don't stop on each floor, which saves time. The entrance is clean and the fresh, clean smell greets you upon your arrival.",4
7894, March 2017,All that I needed in a short stay!,"Located on busy streets of Times Square, but still recommend. I wasn't asking for much in a hotel for two people, but great room service, awesome bar/drinks, metro access, everything was near by. Noisy at night sometimes (but then again that's manhattan for ya). Beds are comfy, showers were quite small. But everything else was good. The room was mostly to sleep in, as we were usually out exploring manhattan, so it suited our needs well.",5
7895, February 2017,Very good location,Room was tiny but well equipped. Only stayed two nights before forward journey so didn't need to unpack. Tea/coffee facilities would have been appreciated especially after a hard days sightseeing - had to provide our own nightcap -Ist world problem!,4
7896, March 2017,ROW Review,"although the hotel was nice, the breakfast offering at the bar could have a better set up. the staff I interacted with was nice. the hotel is very loud but I don't think that can be helped given the constant noise everywhere. not happy that I had to pay for facilities which I did not use, nor did I have any intention...that should be optional",3
7897, March 2017,ROW NYC - I'll Be Back!,"I stayed at ROW NYC from March 20-23, 2017 and had such an awesome time!!! The check in process was super easy and the hotel is located one block west of Times Square. There are lots of restaurants located all around that vary in price range too. The rooms are super cute and clean and I had nothing but a great experience!!",5
7898, March 2017,Family Trip to New York,Very pleased with the location of the RowNyc and the many eating places close by. The shuttle service recommended by the hotel to bring our family group to and from JFK was excellent. Would recommend the Row to friends and will stay there again if we're ever in New York.,4
7899, March 2017,Great and Convenient Hotel,"We stayed at The Row NYC for our first trip to the city. Friendly staff. German Romero was great assisting us with our room check in. The room was tiny but we didn't need a whole lot of space for the two of us. Nice storage areas though. Would have liked to have had a refrigerator. The baseboards were dirty-which isn't a deal breaker-but when the bed isn't far off the ground and that's the first thing you see when you wake up, you notice those things. Still a very reasonable, hip hotel. Would stay again.",4
7900, March 2017,Please establish a standard of good service.,"I have never experienced a hotel stay with such poor customer service and staff communication. I bring large groups here, and I struggle to get help from managers. A teenage girl in our group got trapped in the elevator for 1 hour. The hotel staff didn't call the firefighters after they told me they did. Girl got out, and another girl from my group got trapped in it minutes later. Very disappointed when I'm met with a weak apology and a free drink coupon. You'll be lucky to find a manager to speak with at any given time let alone a front desk agent. Front desk is desperately understaffed.",2
7901, March 2017,"Nice location, very noicy room","The hotel has a great location near Times square, but our room was tiny and very noicy. There is a huge fan outside between the buildings that make a lot of sound, in addition to the enormous A/C inside the room.",2
7902, March 2017,Room for improvement,Room was not ready upon arrival at 8 pm!!! Service told us this happens quite often.... we were offered a smaller room which we denied. At 9:30 we finally could move into the room we actually paid for.,2
7903, March 2017,Great Stay,"Great Stay for 2 nights. Rooms are small, and some paint chipping in my room that was pretty noticeable, but beds are comfortable, and hot water in the bathrooms. The Restaurants and Lobby area downstairs are fantastic. Great location.",4
7904, March 2017,Customer Service,From the check in counter to the bellman everyone was super attentive and nice. Smiles and excellent customer service continued at the hotel bar with bartender Raphael. The gym had tvs on the equipment so bring your earbuds.,5
7905, March 2017,Looooooooove,"Excellent . Stayed here on several occasions.love the hip ambience and the convenience!if it's cold or rainy and u need food besides room service it's connected to a Hoo food court called city kitchen with an excellent mix of stalls, love the ramen and lobster roll here! Especially the ramen! Also it's in a very convenient spot for food and musicals / plays as well as shopping!",5
7906, March 2017,Staying in NYC,"He server we had in the hotel bar, Lilli, was fantastic! She was so attentive and personable, great personality 👍Everyone was very helpful and ready to answer any questions plus give suggestions and directions when needed.",4
7907, March 2017,SPRING BREAK 2017,The Row NYC hotel had friendly staff which helped to make an enjoyable stay. The rooms were kept clean and so was the rest of the hotel. The staff was willing to help us navigate New York City in any way that they could! Hotel is also in a very convenient location for tourists. I would highly recommend to anyone.,5
7908, March 2017,Disapointed,The hotel was kind of busy with many teenagers. The room was too small with no fridge neither microwave. And this is the basics to have in an hotel room. The room was clean and location good. The staff (reception) wasnt friendly. I was dissapointed with this hotel,3
7909, March 2017,room space,"the locate is good, but the room very tight. Bathrooom is terrible. To make the check-in it was a long line and only 2 atendants. A little bit noise. And too expensive the wifi plus fone. Most of hotels around the world don´t charge wifi.",3
7910, March 2017,I Love Row NYC,"I visit NY once a month for business . This is the second time I stayed here . I'm extremely pleased with the front desk staff, they each time have treated me with such respect and fastcheck in times.",5
7911, March 2017,Wonderful place to stay. . . fabulous location for the theatre district.,"I have only one issue, and that might have been a problem with the website I used to book my reservations. That website indicated WIFI was free; but, upon arrival, I learned there was a facility fee of $89 that included the use of Row NYC's WIFI, the computers and printers in the lobby and some water bottles in the room.",5
7912, March 2017,"Good, but not as great as it looks on the pictures...","We had a pleasent stay. The guest room is not as new and as big as it appears on the pictures. The windows were very durty and the temperature of the room was too hot and we couldn`t change it... But the bed was comfortable, good bed setting, good pillows, good shower. And, in general it was a clean room. The hotel is in need of a little renovation, specially the hall ways.",3
7913, March 2017,The Staff,"Many times I've visited at Row NYC, every time is always a pleasant experience. Starting with the welcoming and accommodating staff, Alex from sales, to the clean rooms, and the wonderful bartenders, Rafhael.As long I continue to visit the Big Apple (multiple times a year) I will be staying at Row NYC.",5
7914, March 2017,To busy to care,"The hotel appears great online and first impressions were awesome! The room however had damaged furniture, gross dirty carpet, no towels, no toilet paper, and the most annoying noise in the bathroom wall that did not stop the entire 4 days we were there. I notified the lobby as well as replied to an email asking how my room was and got NOTHING in return as far as feedback or offer for a room change or anything.",2
7915, March 2017,Rafael is the Best Bartender in NYC!,My visit to Row NYC was amazing! The drinks were to incredible and our bartender/mixologist Rafael made our visit an unforgettable one. We had so much fun hanging out at the bar. It's the perfect location off on Times Square. The live performance was a nice touch and the whole establishment was very welcoming. I will definitely come back next time I am in town.,5
7916, March 2017,Improvement,"This be my 4th time here. New paint, friendlier & more helpful staff especially front desk. Lady staff 'Gardina, Gadina' was very quick in getting my room changed yesterday. A male staff over at reception seeing me waiting by the side quickly asked more staff to come over & assist, despite him having to deal with a long queue at the reception. Although, as still the same the queue over reception has been always a long queue, requests made, fixing room fixture issues, room amenities, etc always take more than 20mins for technician or staff to come attend to it!",5
7917, March 2017,Good hotel,"The service is great and the location is awesome. You can do everything by walk. The only thing we don't like it was Our room was not the same we paid. We book a Queen size bed and a city view and we don't have that. But was ok. In NY you don't spend time at the room. The bed was comfortable. We had a great time at the district M bar. The bartender Raphael was so friendly, we asked him for the NYC local beers and he gave us great beers.",5
7918, March 2017,Decent stay - nothing special,"Like I said, it is what it is. Nothing great, just decent and acceptable. Customer service was lacking. Workers were downright rude. Not so much to us, but I overheard a lot of negative comments and low patience.",3
7919, March 2017,Excellent Times Square Hotel,"The hotel is very well situated, just five minutes from The Times Square. The room is not big, but always very clean. No trouble to use the elevators. You have a lot of places to visit and dine very close to the area, like a Shake Shack almost in front of the Hotel. The only bad thing is that sometimes there are lines to make check in or talk about something in the front desk.",5
7920, March 2017,Good not great rooms,Wanted a deluxe room but i had the option of upgrading my room for more $$ but i didnt have enough... i had a deluxe room 1 time each time i visit the row hotel for the price i paid which was a deluxe room..love the hotel for the affordable prices for the time u can stay!willl always be my first choice to stay.,5
7921, March 2017,"Not too bad hotel, good loaction","The Row Hotel form the picture, outside in, look impressive, however when you arrive indoors, its much less impressive. We arrived at night, and initially I honestly thought a nightclub was attached, but realised at later on, this was just indoor music, for a small bad. It didn't bother us at all but as an observation,however if I had a room close to the bar, then it would of. We was checked in within about 10mins, we went upstairs to our room (we paid for a higher, quieter room), upon arrival realised they had given us a conjoining room, which would of been okay, if the room next door wasn't having a party... We had been travelling all day, we just wanted a nap! We tried to phone down to complain, we was transferred 4 times until we gave in and went downstairs to reception",3
7922, March 2017,Great Experience!,"I had stayed at this hotel many,many years ago when it was under a different name. Boy! Has it changed. The staff was extremely friendly which is of the utmost importance to me. The location is prime. The rooms were great. I had a queen by myself, but I felt like I could have been comfortable if I were traveling with a companion. I like a refrigerator in the room which they did not have. The elevator system is great meaning we never had to wait long at all. Every staff member was great from check in until I had my bags held until my flight. I highly recommend this hotel.",4
7923, March 2017,My Stay at ROW,This is an excellent hotel for the value and it's location. Well managed and it has a neat way to check in with your smart phone. They notify you when the room is ready and all you do is pick up the key.,5
7924, March 2017,First trip to NYC,"The location of this hotel is Perfect! Right in the middle of everything.... literally minutes to Time Square. The room was spotless as was the bathroom which had lovely fresh towels and the usual shoer gels, shampoos etc. Just what you need after a hard days sightseeing! The service was excellent from the beginning, bringing in our cases, calling cabs, information and looking after luggage until it was time to go to the airport. All the staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. I have no complaints at all and i would certainly stay here again.",5
7925, March 2017,"Eccentric, fun but basic hotel","For the most part, we enjoyed our stay at Row NYC. The location was the best asset of hotel. Just a short walk from Times Square, near most theaters and plenty of restaurants. Phantom of the Opera at Majestic is in same block (no crossing streets to get to theater) Although we never ate at it, there was a cool looking upscale food court style restaurant called City Kitchen attached to our hotel. Our room, #1225, was in a great location; view of Times Square but no traffic noise. Room was very small, even for NY standards. Decor was geared to young people, kind of a dorm room/modern/minimalist feel. The heater made a loud noise when it would turn on but we were so tired from our day, it didn't keep us awake. No in-room refrigerator or coffee, but with size of room there",3
7926, March 2017,My visit to NYC,The Row was a great recommendation from a friend. Comfortable and great access to every place we needed to go! I missed a coffee pot in the room if I can say anything negative. Traffic horns woke me up every morning,5
7927, March 2017,Great Location just off Times Square,"Great location, and good amenities, although not all were included with our stay's package. We hadn't appreciated there was a facilities charge also on top bear that in mind when booking. Staff really helpful with check in and throughout our stay (particularly German Romero). Would definitely use hotel again on a trip to New York.",4
7928, September 2016,Tiny room but fab nonetheless,"Check-in/out was seamless, with efficient and friendly staff everywhere. Great little breakfast cafe offered an affordable option for coffee and pastries on the go. Then you step out the door into Times Square and can practically walk to anything on the peninsula (bring your sneaks!) Decor of the hotel is chic, dark, and contemporary with functional yet small rooms. However, I wasn't in NYC to take naps all day so this wasn't a biggie. Would book this trendy, convenient spot again.",4
7929, March 2017,Great place!,"Great hotel in great part of town. Convenient to Times Square, Theaters, and the subway system. Special shout out to Lili, one of the waitresses. She took amazing care of us! Will come back jut to have her serve us!",5
7930, March 2017,Great stay,"I have looked through the reviews from other people and can't say I experienced any of their issues. We had to wait around 10 minutes for checking in, but a wait is to be expected in a Times Square location hotel. Cesar at the front desk was great and we were actually lucky enough to get a room upgrade in the process. Beds were comfy, room was a great size. There is the daily resort fee to pay but this is listed on every booking site so not too sure how people miss this, and is common in hotels around Times Square in particular. Brilliant location to Times Square and Subway stations - all in all a great stay",5
7931, March 2017,Business trip,"Good location near times square, subway station A, C, E and others. Employees are very nice. I spent A good experience during my stay at this hotel. Room well cleaned each day, bathroom is too small in the superior room.",4
7932, March 2017,ROW NYC Review,"I usually stay at The Paramount, but decided to try Row since it's close by and slightly less expensive. The reception area, bar and City Kitchen was all good. I was just disappointed in the room cleanliness, and that there isn't a coffee pot in the room. It was just ""ok"" not great, not horrible.",3
7933, March 2017,Family stay in new York,First visit to new York and the location of the row nyc was perfect for exploring the city as it was very central to all the major sites. The hotel was clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly especially the chamber maids. The rooms where small but very clean and warm. Will have no hesitation in recommending the hotel,3
7934, March 2017,"Good hotel, good location, very busy.","The ROW is a good hotel. It is located in a great location right by Times Square. You feel like you are in the heart of the action. My room, which was on a corner, was large enough and clean. The hotel is a bit noisy, you will hear noises form the elevators, from neighbouring rooms plumbing, air conditioning and a little from the street. Though this is New York and it is a noisy place. The bed was super comfy and the bathroom was nice. I travelled for work so had some items delivered to the hotel. It was a little pricey to receive items, i would like for this to have been included in the price of the room or of a nominal value. There is a bar in hotel, which could be better. The staff seem utterly uninterested in you and the service is terrible. The drinks are over priced, so",5
7935, March 2017,European style Hotel Comes to NYC,"If you have traveled much in Europe and stay in hotels over there a lot, you'll find much that is familiar here. It takes a bit getting use to, but is well worth the effort. The cost is right and the location is very convenient to a Manhattan trip.",4
7936, March 2017,Great location,"Located only five minutes from Times Square. Helpful front desk, clean rooms and great view from the street side. However, the normal room is very small for couples we upgraded our room to a superior room to walk comfortably in it. Really great hotel if you want you can only set in the lobby or the cafe and enjoy the street view. I highly recommend this hotel =)",4
7937, March 2017,Great Hotel for a Great Time in New York City,"Great location for anyone visiting NYC. Times Square, sub-way access, restaurants and theatres outside the door. The beautiful street-scapes of Mid-Town Manhatten a short walk away such as Central Park, Museums, Rockeffeller Centre, St Patricks Cathedral, 5th Avenue, 7th Avenue, Broadway. Its all available here from the ROW Hotel. We had a little difficulty with Check-in, as the room had been booked by my wife (who wasn't joining us on the trip). Thankfully, Douglas, the Front desk assistant, sorted it out, and even moved us to a quieter floor, higher up. Thank You-Douglas.",5
7938, March 2017,By Felicita,Our overall stay was ok my only real complaint is the complimentary breakfast.Which was not complimentary at all for the amount of money we spend to stay at your hotel.The romes were smaller then I expected as well.Now for the bed it was extremely comfortabl.,3
7939, March 2017,Excellent location,"Enjoyed our stay at Row NYC! Rooms were small but very clean and modern. Couldn't have stayed in a better location and the staff was very helpful. Guests were also provided with refillable collapsible water bottles which were convenient for exploring around the city. Also, the restaurants downstairs were a huge plus and had lots of variety to suit every food craving! Will definitely recommend this hotel.",5
7940, March 2017,Never Again,"My room, 1259, faced the street and the noise never stopped. This was a Wednesday night but that seemed not to matter. Sleeping was made more complicated by the fact the heat in my room did not work. Repeated calls to the front desk and the concierge were to no avail and my room remained frigidly cold. I located a small space heater and hooked it up next to the bed. A miserable $200 night in New York City. The worst hotel experience I have had in NYC. I would never go back to this hotel.",1
7941, March 2017,RAPHAEL IS AMAZING!!!!!,We had a blast at ROW!! THe rooms were great but the bar was a blast!! Giving a shout out to our bartender/best bartender (RAPHEAL) ever made our trip. He was fun and really put the icing on an already fantastic trip! I would strongly recommend staying here and making a stop down at the bar!! So fun! I love NYC.,5
7942, March 2017,First time ever in NYC,This hotel is centrally located and the atomsphere is amazing. German Romero checked our party in fabulously. Try here if you ever visit. Walking distance to everything you desire. German was so friendly and courteous. Love it so far !,5
7943, March 2017,Awesome service,"I've experienced a very pleasant stay in the ROW hotel. Nice location, and even better service by German Romero. I was new to the city and he really helped me to find NYC's must sees. Comfortable beds and clean rooms.",5
7944, March 2017,Recent visit,The hotel is charming. The room was smaller than I expected but this was not a problem. The location was excellent for being near the theaters. The staff were friendly and helpful. We were surprised that wash rags were not provided. I will recommend Row and will definitely stay there again.,5
7945, March 2017,Horrible hotel - to be avoided,Within a week stay the Management could not provide the room category booked. Room way also not cleaned. Employees were extremely unfriendy. Several complaints were turned down and my written documentation taken away and ignored.,1
7946, March 2017,Amazing,"Hellooo everybody, so I was in row hotel for 2 nights and the only thing I can tell is it's the best. The hotel is near of everything Times Square, greyhound, store to do shopping etc.. the room was beautiful with a view on the road I was so happy it's really a nice hotel. And the people over are very nice. But the best part is the sugar factoryyyyyy 😍😍😍😍 I love this place",5
7947, March 2017,I'll be back!,"I've stayed here before. Like always, I'm never disappointed with my stay! The room was kept clean. The space was accomadating to our needs. The rooms are well kept and up to date. The location of the hotel is awesome. Located only a few blocks from Time Square. I'll definitely be back!",5
7948, March 2017,City that never sleeps,"Just home from a 5 day trip to New York ! Amazing city with so much to offer, stayed at the row hotel for 4 nights ! On apperence it seems quite impressive, lovely lobby and cool bar ( be careful ) of your dollars your handing over , was short changed twice ! Rooms are small ,but your only grabbing a few hours sleep so it's fine , very comfy bed much appreciated for that , bell men are so helpful , for storing our bags . Over all it was a nice hotel great location. Also there's a facity charge of 87 dollars that nobody told us about so be prepared .",3
7949, March 2017,Worst experience ever!,"The worst experience I have ever had. (1) First, they charge ALL THE GESTS in 30 dollars per day. This ""tax""is obligated! We choose this trash hotel because it was a little less expansive than other excellent where we used to stay, but when we arrived at Row we discovered this ""tax"" that make the price becomes bigger than the other. It is a fraud!!! It is bizarre. (2) The standard room is terrible. The elevators are so close to them that seems like the elevador passes inside the room because of the noise they make - it happened during all night, and all day - it should be prohibited!! (3) The staff is stressed and inpatient. Everything you need you have to get into a huge line on the lobby. (4) The day we arrived they were supposed to gave us our room at 4pm, but till 20pm it",1
7950, March 2017,Excellent location and modern clean slick hotel,"Was cheaper than hotels in same area, fantastic location right bedside Broadway and Times Square. Walked to all main spots easily, we were at boxing in Maddison squarr gardens and was easy walk there too. Was very modern clean hotel and was given complimentary breakfast on one morning of a beautiful almond pastry I had but was loads of choice. A piece of fruit and a tea or coffee. Also got a complimentary drink for the bar too so nice bonus. Would def recommend this hotels to others and would stay there again on the future. Only annoying thing is no tea or coffee making facilities in room but supposedly that's not uncommon in New York. Was iron and board and hair dryer in the room which was good. Room was fine size not massive but all good.",5
7951, March 2017,40th,Myself and my stayed there 12-17 march to celebrate my 40th bday we had relaxing 4 day stay and it even snowed for us I'm hoping to be returning nxt year to help a friend celebrate his birthday in sept time.thanks for the memories see you again soon,4
7952, March 2017,Never again!,worst check in service! It felt like we were in a zoo! It took over 1 hour to check in and the room wasn't available until 4pm. Not ideal when you arrive at 10am after a 25 hour flight. Staff treated you like a number. Never again.,1
7953, March 2017,Mrs. Bates,It was a great experience beautiful location. I was very pleased it was very close to times square and me & my husband really enjoyed ourselves. The restaurant we great as well the food was excellent. So thank you very much.,5
7954, March 2017,Never again!!,"I wouldn't touch this hotel again with a 10 foot pole. My worst hotel experience EVER!! Not only will I not recommend this hotel, I would encourage people to avoid it. Worst service ever. Cancelled without contact!",1
7955, March 2017,Excellent staff!,For what had started out as a rough trip turned into a great trip because of German Romero! He took pity on us and was just so nice. Thank you to the hotel for hiring such a great staff! If we ever go to New York again we will stay there!,5
7956, March 2017,Best Bachelorette Spot!,"My sister and I had a blast here with all her bridesmaids! Are view was amazing, the room was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful! I was able to check in and out online and we received complimentary drinks upon check in!",5
7957, March 2017,Comfy bed,"The best thing about the Row NYC hotel is the bed. It is very comfortable. The location is central to everything in midtown New York. The downside is the noise and bustle of the city. The walls are thin and the noise creeps in, as does the cold as we were here during the winter. Otherwise, reasonable value.",4
7958, March 2017,3days in NYC,Came fir Eric Clapton Show and did so much more! The hotel location was excellent! Upgraded to a City View Room... well worth the $28. Hallways are dark and confusing bc of murals on the wall. Room and bathroom was very clean. Bathrooms for lobby area were ridiculously far away from lobby. Check in info said collapsible water bottle would be provided but never got one. Continental breakfast offered no vegan options other than fruit. But overall a good experience. All staff was friendly except breakfast servers.,4
7959, March 2017,Great,Awsome location staff very helpful Food great room not so great but the bed was great had a great sleep every night clean but small but it was only to sleep and wash in would stay again and would ask for a better veiw,4
7960, March 2017,Best location and great price,"Hotel is close to theaters, transportation and restaurants. There is a food court IN the hotel. Sundries shop is in the lobby. Great value! Room is smaller than other hotels, but so is the price! I think the hotel has larger rooms, but I chose a ""less expensive"" room.",5
7961, March 2017,Good service. Dirty room.,Easy/quick check in/out. Loud lobby. Loud outside waking us up. Loud heater/AC. Dirty room. Hair in shower. Dirty bedding. Close to everything. Were able to walk everywhere. Close to subway. Fun design in room.,3
7962, March 2017,Over priced for what they offer,"Although the Row is in a prime location, that is the only thing going for it. Too congested, and rooms very small with no amenities like coffee pot, bar fridge, room service. Never could find a door man to help flag a taxi and concierge phone line frequently not answered. Over priced for the condition and services offered.",1
7963, March 2017,Not even nearly worth the money - rude staff & unclean rooms,"At check in, the receptionist was rude accusing me of misspelling my own name because THEY had entered it incorrectly. Room was dirty, cramped &a trying to leave bags at check out was an absolute joke",1
7964, March 2017,Not 4 star,"Good location, small rooms, young atmosphere. Be aware that there will be a mandatory facility fee added at check in. Front desk staff could improve. Overall not a 4 star class hotel. I rate it 3 star",2
7965, March 2017,Amazing Hotel Experience in NYC,The location of the hotel was the most exceptional part of Row NYC. Being able to walk from Port Authority with our suitcases was not a problem at all. The service of the staff there was exceptional and I had no problem going up to ask questions and getting the right feedback. This is definitely where I will be staying every time I come back to NYC.,5
7966, March 2017,Good location,"Really small room. Fantastic location, 5 minute walk from Time Square. If you are booking through Expedia, there will be extra fees when you arrive. Facility fees that arent included in the price. Service of the staff was very good.",2
7967, March 2017,"New York ""hip"" hotel","Hotel located close to theatres, Times Square and Subway station. Very busy and noisy lobby. Elevator system very efficient. Room small but adequate for sleeping. Bathroom small but functional. Limited surface to place toiletries etc. Would recommend adding shower cap to existing toiletries. Room was clean and serviced daily.",4
7968, March 2017,A Very Comfortable Stay,My husband and I stayed two nights at the Row. The hotel was easily accessible from Penn station and very close to all the NYC attractions. We were definitely within walking distance from time square. I am 6 months pregnant and had some problems with walking so being in a close proximity to the sights was a must for us. We checked into the hotel and were greeted by a friendly staff member named Zac that helped us with our booking. We booked through expedia and they made a mistake of making our room a handicap room. Zac quickly corrected their mistake and upgraded us to a better room and even gave me a breakfast voucher since we were celebrating my 24th birthday. The hotel feels very secure. There is an elevator guard that checks to make sure all guests have room keys and,4
7969, March 2017,1-star Service!,"Honestly, l will give 4 stars for the location and 'value for money'. However, I am truly disappointed with the front office supervisor's (a caucasian guy) cocky attitude and unwillingness to help in few matters regarding the room arrangement. Beware: paying higher room price doesn't mean you would get a bigger room (in opposite, it's a lot smaller!) We couldn't find the indication of the room sizes on the hotel website, hence we went ahead to book for a Premium Room with higher price hoping to get a bigger room. To my surprise, when I checked in, I found out that the Premium Room (one bed) is half of the size of the Superior or Deluxe Room (two double beds). When I was asking the front desk lady and the young caucasian supervisor nicely if there's anything they could do to",3
7970, March 2017,Would not Recommend,"Would not stay there again. I would not recommend to anyone to stay there. Problems with maintenance not responding in a timely matter. It took over hour and 1/2 to get them to the room. Only took 5 minutes to fix problem. Called at least 5 times to get them there. Ask to speak to a manager, got transfer to to manager's voicemail box.",1
7971, March 2017,Good Associate!,It's very quick for us to check in and the hotel associate ZAC is very nice.We booked a standard room with one bed and ZAC helps us change the room to double bed room. The environment is good and the room is clean.,4
7972, March 2017,Good location,"It was my first time staying at NYC and I enjoyed it. The hotel is near to almost everything - you have restaurants, time Square, shops, bus station, subway station and if you like you can walk around.",4
7973, March 2017,Amazing check in service!,"My girlfriend and I had some troubles with our online booking; but as soon as we spoke to German at the front desk, our issue was resolved quickly! I've never experienced such prompt resolution to a problem. I'm from DC and hotels there could benefit from that kind of service. The lobby was pretty hot, though.",5
7974, March 2017,Its ALL about the location...,"Stayed this past weekend, probably the 6th time I've stayed here. First off the pros: It's a fantastic location if you want to be midtown Manhattan and in the theater district. Also, the room rates tend to have great ""sale"" prices for NYC. Lastly, the new online check-in is fantastic and makes arrival at the hotel a breeze. Unfortunately there are definitely some cons to this property. You get what you pay for here - this is a tourist location and the lobby is always busy and crowded as are the elevators, the rooms are just ok and pretty beat up. The ""superior double room"" I had this past weekend was far from superior - the mattress on one bed was terrible (sunk to the bed frame) and the second one not much better, the room is so small two people have to get out of",3
7975, March 2017,Great place to stay,"Very convenient to times square. With great public spaces, and a very attentive and professional staff. We have stayed there twice now, and plan to use Row again. Rooms are small, but not as tiny as some.",5
7976, March 2017,Amazing customer service!,"My boyfriend and I arrived about an hour earlier than our check in time. We were worried that we would have to wait in the lobby until check in, but upon arrival German Romero, was extremely accommodating. He told us our room was not available yet so he gave us a different room that was ready for us and on top of that it had a better view than our original room! Great first day so far!",5
7977, March 2017,Location,The location is the best for this hotel. Also the restaurant (City Kitchen) make you want to stay here since you don't need to leave the building to get food at all. The food is nice too. The only thing I didn't like much is the check-in time.,4
7978, March 2017,Fantastic location but with major flaws,"Let's start with the positive location,location,location walk within mins to Times Square and access to all the city has to offer, I would say that is about all that this hotel has to offer. The hotel which I understand from the location it will be busy but we didn't get any length of sleep for 4days at this hotel. The check in progress was awful you will be a long time waiting! The staff were pleasant but always had a hand out for tips before they had done anything for you! The hotel room itself was sizeable clean and tidy and big bed! This hotel needs to do a lot more! The hotel is very lucky to have location on its side but I think they need to look at upgrading the sound proofing and speaking to staff who just expect a tip everytime.",2
7979, March 2017,Top location,"Literally round the corner from Times Square, this hotel was more than what I was expecting, staff were so helpful, modern and really clean hotel and would definitely go back. Great value for your money",5
7980, March 2017,Perfect location,"Close to theaters, food & shopping. Beds super comfy. God in the adjacent City Kitchen was great & so convenient. Staff was friendly & helpful. Take advantage of the bag storage when you check out. It was so nice to spend a few more hours shopping without dragging bags around.",4
7981, March 2017,Nice Hotel,"From the first time I got in, i thought it would be great. The hotel is nice, people at the reception very approachable straight to the point I needed (Thank's Mr. German Romero). Didn't take too long for check-in and the rooms are nice. The location is great. As it was the first experience in NY, i would recommend it to everyone.",5
7982, March 2017,"Honeymoon Upgrade, but disappointed with charges that weren't upfront.","My wife and I flew in from San Francisco, and stayed 3 nights in total at Row, NYC. Shantel, an absolutely wonderful staff upgraded us to a better room, noting that it was our honeymoon and gave us 2 complimentary breakfast tickets. The room had a view- though not the best, wasn't staring into brick walls. The hotel was clean, warm enough at night (for the sudden winter storm), and an overall good stay, with an excellent location in the heart of NYC. My only gripe, like many others is the shock of receiving a $25/night charge AT THE END of the stay, just before you checkout. I put down my credit card at check-in, so it was sneaky and they simply deducted $89 all taxes in. I don't think charging the many disappointed guests this amount sneakily at the end of the stay is the",3
7983, March 2017,Pretty good!,"Row is pretty clean and located at the best place possible! I went to Lion King and Aladdin while I was staying there and it took me less than 5 minutes walking, so, perfect! It was pretty clean and the cleaning team was incredibly polite! The downsides are their storage package policies, which are really strict, also, the people responsible for the storage are lazy and incredibly slow, despite the fact that they apparently arrive late and go out early a whole lot. But if you don't plan on receiving packages, go to Row! I loved my time there! :)",5
7984, March 2017,location of hotel is great + in house dining options is fantastic,"The location is great, dining options inside hotel are awesome! But the cleanliness of the rooms are average. However the beds and pillows are comfy! I got a decent nights rest. I would recommend staying here!!",4
7985, March 2017,"Nice hotel, weird vibes","My friends and I took a red eye from San Diego to NYC, and arrived in the city at about 5 AM. We couldn't get our room till about 4 PM, so we found some place in the hotel lobby to sit/rest until shops started to open up. We lay down on the closest thing to a couch (there is no comfortable seating in the lobby) to rest, but an employee approached us, woke us, and told us to sit up. Kind of rude considering we are paying guests. Rooms are decently nice, but I'm upset with the service.",2
7986, March 2017,never again,"having stayed here I would recommend it for a budget traveller but if you are on business and need a good nights sleep then pass on this one. Also rooms are tiny with no refreshments, kettle etc.. heating/aircon kept coming on every hour even though turned off and very nosy kept waking me up. Noise from other guests very loud. Its like a hostel",2
7987, March 2017,Horrible,. Horrible experience bathrooms are disgusting. Room service barged in at 1133 rushing us out. The bathtub had hair from previous guest. The washcloth had like dried blood on it.. it was very unsanitary.. I had to clean the tub out myself,1
7988, March 2017,Modern,"Very nice hotel, modern and i loved the way the elevators function! Close to everything!!! I would love to go back to the Row but in a better weather so i can be able to go out more and visit more places!",4
7989, March 2017,HIGHLY RECOMMEND!,"This place was elegant, everyone was friendly, and professional. It was very busy atmosphere but not overly crowded to where you couldn't get around comfortably. I liked the music that played all day and night. Our bartender Rafael was really friendly and payed attention to the people and recognized his clients.Housekeeping stayed on top of the towels and anything you needed. I would defiantly stay there again.",5
7990, March 2017,Take time too much,"Take time too much to check in and baggage. I sometimes go to NY, it is my first experience to take check in much time. Every time people wait in line. But one thing consurge work very quickly. Why do I have to write 200minimum...",1
7991, March 2017,First Time in NYC,"Location and hotel front desk staff were amazing, especially Fernanda. Bar could have more beverage/options. Concierge Staff needs more knowledge of events going on around hotel and how to navigate road closures.",3
7992, March 2017,The hotel is very nice,The location is perfect and the rooms are neat and are of a high standard. It has an uber feel to it; and this is apparent from the ground floor of the building. And a big bonus is that The staff are very friendly too.,5
7993, March 2017,Great Value Great Location,"Check in was seamlessly done and we were well briefed by a staff called German Romeo. Id definitely recommend to anyone visiting NYC; great location and great value for money, very close to times square and neat rooms too.",5
7994, March 2017,Awesome Last Minute Getaway!,"Expedia was absolutely awful in getting my reservation to the hotel, and they booked me the wrong room. I was on the phone for an hour fixing the issue. Zac who works at the front desk was amazing! He helped me get situated with my room and checked in. He was super helpful and courteous. Which I appreciated greatly, I was exhausted and cranky from my trip and the whole booking ordeal. I was so happy with the front desk service that next time i'll just contact the hotel directly. Check in lines were pretty quick even though I arrived a day after St.Patrick's Day, I was impressed with how they handled the lines. The computer printing access was really nice. I was able to print my bus confirmation number from the lobby. I did get confused and didn't realize or just forgot there",5
7995, March 2017,Small room but clean.,"The hotel itself is well located, close to many attractions in New York. The room was very small, even for one person. It was clean and the staff was very nice and helpful. There may be larger rooms in the hotel, so request one.",3
7996, March 2017,Awesome location...even better staff...and amazing City Kitchen,We had a fantastic stay at ROW. the proximity to City Kitchen made it the perfect location for a school group and the front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms were bigger than where we stayed last year and bathrooms were clean and stocked. Will stay again!,5
7997, March 2017,Love this hotel !!!,"Location, great prices, great service, great food highly recommend!!! I stay here every time I'm in NYC and friends do as well. I'm from NY and this hotel offers great accommodations and the location is near theatre district, Times Square, and subways",5
7998, April 2016,Excellent Location,"This hotel is in an excellent location in NYC. You can buy breakfast downstairs, a bit pricey but very tasty options. The area is very very busy, so be ready. If you want a quiet area, this is not your spot. This is for an on-the go tourist. We went on a school trip but 10-20 kids and the staff was awesome!!",4
7999, March 2017,Great !,"A wonderful hotel, very close to the Time Square. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I had a great experience staying at Row. There were many great restaurants and attractions close by and the atmosphere was very uplifting.",5
8000, March 2017,Awesome,"The hotel was in a great location making it easy to run back to the room if we wanted to grab anything. The staff was also very nice and helpful in resolving any issues we had. Our nighbors smoked in their room and I can't stand the smell of cigarettes, the hotel has a no smoking policy and once I mentioned the smell of smoke to the hotel we were immediately moved to a new room on a higher floor to get away from the smell. The staff was amazing!",5
8001, March 2017,Great Place! great location! Love it!,Great hotel. Very modern look. Very convenient location to everything I wanted to do. Loved the look of my room. Only negative I have to say was the huge air vent outside my window that went off sporadically and sounded like a jet.,5
8002, March 2017,Excellent as always!,"I wouldn't dare stay anywhere else whenever I visit NYC. I love the Row for they are one of the few that have excellent customer service, superb cleanliness and conveniently located in Times Square. I had a pleasant stay.",5
8003, March 2017,Great service,First of all the rooms are small. I haven't stayed in any other new York hotels to know if they are smaller then average but you don't have much room. That's the only negative. The service I received upon check in by junior was exceptional. We had arrived a day late due to the snow storm and junior fixed us up with free drinks and wiped our room fee which was meant to be payed on top of our rate. I have never met someone so helpful and customer focused before. The kitchen has great food and the bar has a great atmosphere. For the price we payed and location we would definitely stay here again!,5
8004, March 2017,"Location, location, location","Right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of manhattan. A block away from time square, a few blocks away from the grand central station. Subways 2-3 blocks away that can take you to battery park within 20 minutes ( the park you go to if you want to go see the Statue of Liberty). Rooms are small but I guess that explains the price. Food lounge sells pretty good food and if you don't like it there's a billion of other resteraunts right outside. They have a sugar factory inside but it does not sell drinks with alcohol. No worries there's a bar on the other side of the hotel. Minimal cleaning service and no bottle waters in room; you have to go to a water station. Practical hotel.",3
8005, March 2017,Overpriced hostel,"The only good thing about this hotel is the location. A lot (not all) of the checking in staff were rude, we booked 4 'superior' rooms, the price on website deceiving, over a 100 dollars was charged on taxes for the 2 nights we stayed. Credit card which we were assured was only taken to secure booking and would not be debited until check- in was debited before our arrival, but could not be reimbursed as quickly on our arrival in order to pay separately. The 1st 'superior rooms' we were allocated were smelly, cramped, views of outside walls, unclean and dirty bedlinen, next to lift shaft so constant noise. After asking to explain the criteria of room quality as the decription and pictures didn't match and the room was sub standard at the very best and unacceptable, the staff",2
8006, March 2017,Recent stay,"Overall i thought you guys did a great job, staff was great and room was great, the lication was also excellent being in the middle of city and in time square. One thing that i thought could of been improved was the continental breakfast, better/more seating would if been nice",4
8007, March 2017,Happy birthday,Went to NYC for parade and concerts. Super location for parade and anything Times Square Elevators were fast. Staff was friendly. Hotel was pretty quiet even for that party weekend. You have to show key to get upstairs. Brilliant. Entrance way scent....divine.,5
8008, March 2017,clean but flawed,"Tourist hotel, very high volume. Room was clean, bed was comfortable. Four things in the room were broken. A.C didn't work, blackout shade was broken, and TV remote and phone needed new batteries. Elevator system is weird but efficient. Staff was nice.",2
8009, March 2017,Can not say enough about how great they are!!,"We flew into New York recently and were actually scheduled to stay somewhere else, but that's a different review. We booked this literally a half hour before we showed up there. We had basically been walking around for at least a couple of hours. They checked us in early and gave us a room immediately because of our situation. Then gave us a complimentary breakfast coupon each. German Romero, a front desk associate, just made our day better! Everyone in the hotel was very nice and helpful. Would definitely stay again!!😃😃😃😃",5
8010, March 2017,A come and go hotel,"Unpersonal, a come and go hotel, good situated at theater district, but that's all. The rooms are very, very small, wardrobe tiny. It was very loud in the night because other guests were very reckless, Aircondition/heating very loud.",2
8011, March 2017,ROW NYC Hotel is Good!,It is an older but clean hotel. The greatest asset is it's location and a wonderful food court in the same building .... not to mention an ice cream and pastry shop on the ground floor. Security is very good and NYPD Officers frequently stop in on the ground floor to rest and let us know they are keeping us safe. The only thing I'd improve is the hallway lighting .... it's a little too dark for most women to feel safe as they walk to their rooms.,5
8012, March 2017,Bad internet connection,"Room and facility of the hotel are both very clean. The location is fantastic which is close to Times Square. The hotel clerks are trying to realize customer's demand, though they are always taking the time to do. The following problems are improved, I recommend this hotel to everyone. And my next visiting will be here. Otherwise, I will not book this hotel again. My room was the twin, and both of beds was too soft. Feels like spring was damaged. One more thing. WiFi signal was weak, and speed is too slow like an analog connection. In my guess, It's because many people access to the same hotspot which is not supported a Gigabit bandwidth.",3
8013, March 2017,Pleasant stay in NYC,"I could walk from here to Moma, the Frick Collection, Lincoln Centre, Metropolitan Museum, Tckt to buy last minute tickets for shows at a great reduction. Strawberry Fields. Lincoln Center. The metro is close by if you don't like walking so much.",4
8014, March 2017,Disappointed in the Row,"We have stayed at the Row in the past and were very disappointed this time. The room was very small, which is typical for NYC, but the carpet in the room was stained and was absolutely filthy, most of the channels on the TV in the room weren't working, and the heater kept making noise every time it turned on, which kept us awake. The biggest issue I can alert everyone about is the ""Facilities Fee"" of $30/night (w/ tax). While this includes usage of the Internet, gym, water stations, lobby computers, etc., this fee is a total scam. We didn't have time to use the gym, we only received the water canteens when we requested them, and we had no use for the printing computers in the lobby. While the rate might be initially attractive, when you consider in this ""Facilities Fee"" scam,",2
8015, March 2017,Great location but average hotel,"We arrived late at the hotel on a Friday night, and the hotel was extremely busy. The reception staff were polite, but there was a particular member of the reception staff that was very loudly discussing someones personal requests, so that everyone could hear. Steering well clear of him, we were served by a polite lady where we were given the keys to our room. The room had a number of issues including holes in the sheets, dirty towels and a bathroom that flooded constantly making it very dangerous. We flagged the issues to the staff on reception and were told that the hotel as full so we could change rooms the following morning. On our first morning we took our bags down to reception as planned, where they kindly looked after the bags while we went out and the new room was",2
8016, March 2017,Lacks warmth,Bad = some rooms very small / noisy/ crowded lobby full of un polite young people /lack of info / Need more time on lobby computers and some privacy Good= central located/ food hall /good elevators /. Some staff nice,2
8017, March 2017,Good location,"Clean hotel with good location if wanting Broadway or Time Square close. Walls are a bit thin, bring ear plugs if sensitive to noise. Decent food vendors within building or close walk to some great restaurants.",4
8018, March 2017,"The hard product is excellent, the staff - not so much so","At check in, we were thankfully at the head of a queue of at least 30 parties waiting to check in. Being at the front however it still took us 20 mins or so to be seen, so I feel for the others! The 3 people on check in desk didn't seem bothered about actually helping anyone in the queue or working quickly. The manager also just kept asking if there were any priority guests in the queue which there were not, but he didn't help his people at the desk which would have been sensible. The hotel provides a daily housekeeping which arrived at our room about 9.30 everyday. As a (not that) late sleeper we were wakened or disturbed by the maid coming in every day. Row NYC also don't provide a Do Not Disturb sign so there's no way to put a stop to it. On checking out, there's no need",2
8019, March 2017,Location amazing,"Central hotel, close to time square, Broadway, and all attractions. Check in is a disaster make sure you tick check in by phone they send you a bar code you can then use self scan my mistake Que for an hour with one yes one staff member on duty who was lovely Zack and very attentive to everyone, it was the other staff members just floating in the reception area but not bother by the long line of tired guests. Rooms are small but very clean.",3
8020, March 2017,Perfect,"Super friendly staff, even let us check in 4 hours early. The room was super clean and prepared nicely. The rooms are small but that's anywhere in nyc. It was reasonably priced. I paid extra for a higher, corner, city view room which was spectacular.",5
8021, March 2017,Look for other alternatives とても不満,"Tonight marks the 3rd night out of my 7 day stay but it has been very disappointing. Made RSVP through Expedia. 日本語は英語の後 Good: - location is great, near the heart of Times Square - cheap Bad - room service is horrible. The room keeper left us cashew nuts on the floor for us to pick up and throw out (picture #1). They also forgot to clean up our room today. I forgot to take pictures but the towel I used had old blood stains on it... wish I had checked before using it... - the bathroom doors do not block noise so you can hear the sound of someone using the toilet. It's very embarrassing for my fiancé and I feel very bad for making such a horrible hotel choice for our first overseas trip together... (picture 2). - the hotel boasts about its view of the city (Picture 3). Well",1
8022, March 2017,The Perfect Stay,Loved this hotel! Very metropolitan. Great location surrounded by great restaurants and a variety of broadway shows.Walking distance away from Times Square. Very friendly staff. Would highly recommend. Will definitely return.,5
8023, March 2017,Outdated and Dusty,"This hotel is very misleading, I booked a night here because it is in a prime location and looked nice in the pictures.The lobby is very modern but when I got to my room I was very disappointed. The room that I got originally was tiny, old looking, and extremely dusty and dirty looking. The closet was so bad that my boyfriend took a picture and showed the lady at the front desk so that they would change our room. She did end up changing it to a larger room, but there was a bag of trash sitting outside of the door that was there for the whole night. I would only stay here if I was planning to be out all day and wanted a prime spot in Times Square. If you're the type of person that wants to enjoy your room and the ambiance and might spend time in there relaxing. Don't Stay Here.",2
8024, March 2017,Horrible hotel,"Small, not clean, not at all like the photos, housekeeping sucks! Asked them to bring up clean towels and change the sheets- they never even went to the room at all! Walls were stained, condition of hotel was very subpar",1
8025, March 2017,Horrible experience,"They overcharge for a tiny room with toilets in a closet. The staff tell you different things, which include lies. The rooms are not kept up. I smelled urine in the rest room and had to clean it myself. There is no room service. No coffee in the room. And these are the minor issues! They canceled our reservation for 21 while we were actually flying to New York. From there it was hell! And we had to pay for it! DO NOT GO TO THE ROWNYC!",1
8026, March 2017,Ok if you want to save $,"Central location and close to major subway station, theater, shopping and museums. Hotel walls a little too thin. My daughter described the room interior as ""IKEA light"", that describes our room perfectly. Lobby ALWAYS crowded, not a hotel to relax in.",3
8027, March 2017,Run down,"Room was run down and very small, definitely not worth the price. The corridors were run down and smelt of weed. Air con unit was very loud and inefficient, made room temperature uncomfortable. The only good thing was the location, was fantastic in easy walking distance of time square and other key attractions",2
8028, March 2017,Great location with night club feel,Great location -close to everything. Night club feel to this hotel which felt exciting and electric. Only problem is that no one at the front desk answers the phone to arrange for a wake up call or questions in general. That was the only bummer.,4
8029, February 2017,Birthday trip,This hotel is perfectly located in Times square. Paola at check in was Amazing. For a late night check in she was a burst of energy and very personable. Rafael and Chris at the bar were also amazing. I would stay here again and again,5
8030, March 2017,Most Amazing Bartender Raphael,"Amazing time at District M, great hotel bar with awesome service served with a smile. Thanks Raphael for making our trip to ROW NYC even better! We'll definitely be back to enjoy more drinks and fun at District M and ROW NYC!",5
8031, March 2017,What's not to like?!,"Perfectly placed hotel in the thick of it, comfy bed, clean room, good shower. Arrived at 2pm no queue to check in and room was ready. Housekeeping were great, fresh towels daily and very friendly. The lifts are brilliant, no delays at all and we were on 28th floor so pleased about that! The food court attached to the hotel has a massive choice, something for all. Also super handy for the Port Authority bus terminal, the Airporter bus service to JFK was excellent.",5
8032, March 2017,baf service,First of all I booked a room for myself and another room for my students. Because my students had only reserve the room they gave it away so my students had to stay in another hotel while I stayed at mine being the row. The room was very small and the staff was very rude but I must say the hotel room was clean . While we were there they had a snow day we have booked for four nights but because our flights were cancelled we needed to stay another night they told us it was not possible because they were overbooked we called around the city and there was nothing else available they were ready to kick us out on the street . Being from another country we had nowhere to stay . Luckily enough we stayed in the room until the very last minute before checkout they didn't have,2
8033, March 2017,Great location and Amenities,"This was my first visit to Row NYC, but I will stay here from now on. The location was excellent - Kinky Boots was less than a block away. Broadway Dance Company was nearby and offers drop-in classes for ages 12+ and Yumiko Dancewear NY was nearby as well. I took my 12 year old daughter, so it was a perfect dancers vacation.",5
8034, March 2017,Prime location,"The hotel is located in the prime location in NYC next to time sq. Will be very comfy for tourist . the rooms are a little cramped up for space ,never the less in NYC one wud expect you to be out side not inside the hotel room. The place has a nice lobby where they play music and a large screen is available and eateries district M - nearby which has exotic food",4
8035, March 2017,Wonderful,My stay at row was amazing ' and my hotel associate shantelle was very helpful. her personality is very bubbly and she knows how to interact very well she made sure I was very much satisfied. I will be staying at row again very soon.,5
8036, March 2017,NYC,"The check in and check out process was wonderful. All staff members: front desk, car valet, housekeeping - were friendly and knowledgeable. The room was quiet and comfortable. The location is ideal...near Times Square .",5
8037, March 2017,Great hotel in an excellent location,"This is my second visit in ROW and I love its vibe and great great location. This time I was aware to the daily services fees and I took it under consideration while comparing to other hotels' price. Unfortunately, the room was not as clean as expected from this kind of hotel. I believe I'll come back in my next visit to NYC.",4
8038, March 2017,Stay at Row,"Room was dirty. Coffee VERY visible splashed on bedside table and walls. Worried that room wasn't cleaned, that they just made the bed. Did not know how to use elevator or find water stations. Had to ask for water bottle I paid $27 a day for.",3
8039, March 2017,Great Place to Stay if you want to be in Times Square,"This was a good hotel that was conveniently located in Times Square. It a fast walk to Times Square, only two blocks away. If this is your first time visiting, it's a good place to stay. However, next time we will not stay here and stay not in Times Square as public transportation (subway) is so easy and very fast to use.",3
8040, March 2017,OK but could be better with little effort,"Food at hotel could be better, staff responsively could be better, etc. There is really limited restaurant choice at the hotel itself. While I was there during the blizzard, the lobby area was really unmanageable, loud, and unruly.",3
8041, March 2017,Great. Location,Nice hotel in a great location. Challenge was that there were lots of people there- for the same reason. Wish the room had a coffee pot. Be wary if you use complimentary breakfast plan. The City Kitchen is a better source for food.,4
8042, March 2017,"Location, Location!!","Friendly staff ,excellent location. Check in staff very friendly and helpful. Would recommend this hotel to others. Walking distance to many highlights of Times square. Good connections for subway and bus services.",4
8043, March 2017,Good spot.,Overall experience was good except for the long wait for room availability. A block off of time square a ++... Front desk employees were very nice and helpful... light breakfast included... Would go again....,4
8044, March 2017,Brilliant,"Very good place to stay as a couple, provided everything that was needed and also very friendly staff. I would definatly reccomend this hotel to anyone. View is amazing and is in the centre of it all.",5
8045, March 2017,Best location around!!!,"Row nyc is in a perfect location, close to theatre, restaurants, and the excitement of Times Square! Great people, great security, great funky vibe!! We have recommended it often, and we'll be back for sure!!!!",4
8046, March 2017,Location location location!,"This hotel is situated right on the edge of times square, the theater district and hells kitchen. It is within easy walking distance of the subway and is right across the street from a little ""food court"" where you can get good breakfast for $8-$15. The food in the hotel is pricey but delicious. Rooms are small but efficient. The staff was friendly and exceedingly helpful. Loved our time here and would stay here again. The location is perfect if you are wanting to tour times square, go to some shows and tour the city. It is super easy to get back to from anywhere else we traveled within the city.",4
8047, March 2017,Great night,I happened to stop by that row a few nights ago. A friend of mine was staying at the hotel. I was not disappointed at all. The atmosphere at the lobby area was very welcoming. I ended grabbing a drink at the bar with my friend. Raphael the bartender made sure I enjoyed my night. He was on point with his cocktail drinks and personable. The room was very clean and modern. I'm definitely staying there again next night in the city.,4
8048, March 2017,"Only there for 1 night, late check in and early check out",Very small room but adequate for 1 night. average amenities. the check in was automated as the desk was unmanned on arrival and wasn't user friendly. Food service was somewhat industrial but quaality was above average.,3
8049, March 2017,"Great location, terrible experience","I went to NY for a birthday celebration and have to say it was not a good experience. I was supposed to check-in on March 8th, but due to my delayed flight I called the hotel (since check-in had to be prior midnight), to prevent any problems. The person I spoke referred I would not have any problems that she made a note in my reservation. Upon arrival there was a line at the front desk and just one person for all of us. After waiting more than 30mins, Latanya welcomed us with the news that the hotel was overbooked and that they were preparing rooms for us. She tried to expedite things and tried to accommodate us promptly, but obviously did not depended on her. She gave us some vouchers for our inconvenience and was very apologetic of the incident. Finally we got the room. Have",2
8050, March 2017,Business Trip to NYC,An ok hotel for location. Bit tired in places. Very expensive bar. Needs tea and coffee facilities in the rooms. Beware of the very noisy heating system that blows hot/cold air throughout the night even when thermostat is off.,3
8051, March 2017,Smells bad,"The local of the hotel is good, 8th ave, near to times square. but when you go up to the rooms, you can see how old is this hotel, and the bad smell inside the room and the bathroom. We were in 5 people, 2 rooms, and the both had the same problem.",1
8052, March 2017,Noise & Dirty ! Noise of the street and noise on the air conditioning during the night! Terrible....,"The cleaness was terrible and the woman who cleans the room wanted to clean it in her time. All that she wants! The hotel could be the best, but needs to care about the client. They dont care about us!",1
8053, March 2017,Do not choose Row hotel!,"They made a mistake with bill payment and we used like 1.5 hours to fiked eveything, rally bad service. Manager is useless like never been to any service courses. At last he had showed clearly that he was so tired of us (that why we got our money back)!!! If you have choice please do not even think about taking this Row hotel in yours mind. All we had to do with the hotel went wrong (check in, check out, bill, keys, service) all went so wrong and we were not the only one as we could see!!",1
8054, March 2017,Great Location and Wonderful Staff!,"Row NYC is located one block from Times Square and one block from the subway. The decor is retro themed, but everything is modernized. City Kitchen, which is attached, offers a great variety of food. The staff, from the concierge to the housekeepers are all very helpful and friendly. I have stayed twice and don't think I will look elsewhere.",5
8055, March 2017,average at best,"a deluxe city room is not at all larger than the standard, having stayed in a standard room many times before. The deluxe room with a City view, a brick building view! Paying a little extra for these extra values was a waist.",3
8056, March 2017,Perfect Location,"Just a block from Times Square, ROW is in an excellent location making it pretty central to anything you could want to do in NYC. We arrived very early in the day to drop off our bags and let them know we were there. They told us we would receive an email when our room was ready (this was around 9am) and my friend, who checked in at the exact same time as me received her email at 2pm. I on the other hand never received and email, and when I went back at 3:45 to check in, was told that it would be at least another 30 minutes. Sort of frustrating, but not the end of the world. When we finally went back around 5 to get our room, Zach graciously upgraded us to a corner room. The room itself was pretty basic, but completely adequate for our needs. What really makes this",4
8057, March 2017,Good low-cost hotel choice close to Times Square!,"My wife, daughter, and I went up to NYC for a 3-day trip, and booked this due to closeness to Times Square and relative cost. It was overall a good experience! Rooms are small (but hey it's NYC), but we slept just fine. Being a block from 7th, Broadway, and 42nd was great. Theatres and good restaurants within short walking distance, which came in handy due to the snowstorm that had us stuck there for a day. The AC/heater was very loud and rattled at night at certain settings, and the shower drain had to be unclogged. They were responsive and assisted us with these issues. I wish they had more seating in the lobby area... the large stairstep seating was not comfortable. All in all, goor experience... I would stay there again!",4
8058, January 2017,Nice Hotel for stay in New York.,"This Hotel i located in the Theater District and within 3 minutes' walk of Times Square, you can use a fitness centre. Rockefeller Center is a short walking distance away, and many other famous places. It is really clean, ok maybe old but it's ok. We stay here because of the location, and that is very important if you wanna see more in your holiday. We stay in 26 floor, room 2150. and was nice nearly building corner room, where from its seen 8th avenue. We have only 1 minus there. It's was said that you have free phone calls all around the world. But no this is lie, i try many times and nothing. That's just a fake advertising.",4
8059, March 2017,Excellent hotel in Manhatten,this hotel has excellent location. rite smack in town .5mins to Times Square n very convenient. excellent lifts system n a foodcourt in the Lobby.. highly recommended for all travellers.. stay was ok except my room heater not hot enuf n also need more hangers... windows dusty n needs cleaning otherwise excellent n beautiful view of the city both day n night.(rm 1818). on odd floors have free water dispenser n ice machine on even floors.,4
8060, February 2017,I had to pay resort fees however I didnt use any facilitie,"I had to pay 27,22 usd per night regarding phone calls and computers However i did not use any service the manager was very rude when i complained about that. actually i want my Money back. i am awaiting their feedback until now",1
8061, March 2017,Excellent location,"Excellent location very central to sights, Broadway and Times Square. Good hotel. Rooms are not that big but good value.The hotel is incredibly busy. The beds really comfortable and I didn't find it too noisy.",4
8062, March 2017,No personal touch not recommended,Bad experience booking seemed easy you can prebook online and then emailed the key q code and room number( great I thought I love tec ) Big que when we got there to reception no one using q code screens we were a party of eight couples needed 4 rooms they automatically charge my card b4 we arrived with the 4 rooms we all had to change rooms when we went to put our bags in ! Mine didn't look like the one on the web site ( don't know how they get away with this ) Room so small one of us had to get on the bed for the other to get around the room ! Bed was so small I would say it was an oversized single ( they must use small pillows to make bed seem big ) on the web page Anyway had to que up again ! To be fair they changed the room straight away ! I must have had a bad room,2
8063, March 2017,"good location, facilities need to be improved","the location is unbeatable. the size of room was ok in the price and the location. i stayed in a room w/o view and there was a generator or something, was keep making noise, which was annoying. heater is a big problem, too warm to sleep. i didn't even use duvet.",3
8064, March 2017,4 nights in NYC - DELUXE ROOM,"Just returned from a 4/5 night break from NYC and stayed at ROW NYC- location is perfect as its in the centre of time square so right in the hussle and bussle. Check in: after reading posts regarding the long queues for check in i done speedy check in from my phone when i arrived at the airport so y keys were ready to collect, i chose to upgrade and stay in a deluxe room when i made the booking and upon arrival the gentleman at the desk said he changed our room to a better one so from 1024 to our new room 910 - he expressed how much better and spacious it was so eagerly we went up to the room and were disappointed to see the room was really small! therefore i wasn't sure if we had been down sized or if the rooms in general are really small. i spoke to a guest at the hotel who",4
8065, March 2017,Worse hotel experience in my life,Seriously I booked this hotel through price line ans couldn't believe it was a 4 star hotel . There must of been 100 people in line to check in and only 1 rep checking us in. My luggage was finally found at the security office cause the guy who took them left them on the cart on the street unattended. I actually paid another hotel to get a another even if this one was paid.,3
8066, March 2017,Spring break,"It was me and my two 12 year old twin girls here for spring break in the blizzard we had an absolute blast here Special thanks to Raphael at the bar who was always friendly ,helpful and added a personal touch",5
8067, March 2017,Everything is small,"The room is small ( can't walk comfortable), beds very small (my leg reach the end of the bed) Rest room is very small ( when you set it's hard to move your leg ) The air conditioner is working even if you put it off .",2
8068, March 2017,Great service,"I had a great time and very attentive service from Dianna. She really brightened our night and made us laugh. The hotel is alright but, Diana's presence made our trip worth it! Definitely will come back.",5
8069, March 2017,Excellent service,It was an Absolutely pleasure to stay at ROY from the moment we arrived we where treated like a family and to junior who checked us in and looked after us we thank you so much for your help and everything you did. Highly recommended this place,5
8070, February 2017,NYC Row Hotel,The hotel is in great location and just off Times Square.. This was my first trip to NY.. The hotel is incredibly busy and is definitely in need of a refurb.. The rooms are small and compact.. The beds really comfy and I didn't find it too noisy.. Overall pretty basic but comfortable enough.,3
8071, March 2017,"Great hotel, great location","The hotel is very clean, and everyone I encountered was polite and helpful: even when faced with difficult customers. The elevators are fast and made me feel safe because they go right to your floor. No worries of being alone with a stranger. There is also an employee at the elevators who asks to see room keys, adding another level of security. Love the water dispensers in the hall and the soaps in the room. Would only suggest coffee makers in the rooms. There are a lot of great restaurants nearby: Smith's and Mama's across the street have great food and even better service. And the greatest pizza in the world, hands down, is around the corner at John's. Trust me, it's worth the wait. The vendors at City Kitchen put on a good spread, too. The bar is rather pricey, so consider",5
8072, March 2017,Really bad personal working for row,"Worse hotel ever front desk personal unprofessional and rude, security need security only talking on the phone and Flirting whit ladys, housekeeping reallocate bad no toilet paper on my unit for two days and front desk informed about it and nothing happens just fire everyone and re hire new personal only solution.",1
8073, March 2017,HORRIBLE,"They didnt have our rooms for us that was booked 1 month in advance and had 3 confirmations on, sister hotel couldn't accommodate us, put 7 people in a 1 bed room with cots, still charged me for rooms they couldn't put us in, had to be on customer service for 2 hours to be transferred over 16 times to get my refund. NEVER AGAIN!",1
8074, March 2017,The best hotel,"I love the hotel!😀 It was a great New York experience! My new home! I loved the Location! In all the towns in all the cities in all the world, it's the best! We'll always have our great row experience!",5
8075, March 2017,Very good,"The hotel was good, close to everything that is popular. I could walk to important places and get to where I needed to go or wanted to go. We could go to central park and world trade center and the empire state.",4
8076, March 2017,Mediocre hotel with a bit of design,"I found this hotel to be barely sufficient - I was not impressed with several elements: friendliness of the staff, cleanliness of the room (cleanable stains on walls/bed), temperature was hard to control (way too hot), rooms were small and not sound proof at all, bathroom was not great (cheap bath fitters updated tub, shower water barely warm). All that said, the price was pretty inexpensive for NYC, so if you care most about $$ this could be an option for you. I won't likely return.",2
8077, March 2017,Go elsewhere,"This hotel is terrible! They over booked us and moved us to a separate hotel for half our stay then when we finally got to stay here the rooms were dirty and cramped, the workers were terribly rude, they over charged and scammed us, there was a large snow fall while I stayed here so I called down for blankets, an hour later I got towels. 0/10 would NOT recommend. Stay ANYWHERE else.",1
8078, March 2017,Row NYC,"Paid extra for the deluxe room, so we could enjoy a nice view of the city. However, once we arrived at the room there was absolutely no view at all. Not only that but the room hadn't been properly cleaned as there were crumbs all over the carpet and the bathroom. We brought our complaints to the front desk and nothing was done. They couldn't apologized and said they couldn't change our room. Regarding the cleanisless, they sent us extra towels. Definitely was not satisfied with this experience.",1
8079, March 2017,Read the fine print..,"The hotel is ok even if the rooms are small. The location is great. We went to NYC with our teenage grandson so that he could see a show at Birdland (which is just around the corner). We had two rooms. At check out, I was very much surprised to find out that they have a ridiculous service fee for the internet and phone calls. It is 27,50 per room, per day. That's 110$ for us!!! On Hotel.com, they state a price that you will pay but that does not include the ""service fee"". I will be more careful next time I make a reservation on-line.",4
8080, March 2017,"Great location in Midtown, before the facilities fee","If you're planning on staying in Midtown, Row NYC is in the perfect location for the main tourist spots and it really is 3 mins walk from Times Square. It is a busy hotel but appeared to be well-managed. The ""facilities fee"" is a complete con so do double check before booking as this is not very transparent on external sites.",4
8081, March 2017,Last minute alternative at reasonable prices,"Would not be my first preference, but if you're looking last minute for a centrally located, clean room for a reasonable price, then this one fits the bill. The mattress and pillow were saggy and didn't make for a good night's sleep. Guest services are disappointing.",2
8082, March 2017,Nice Hotel,"Good experience overall. Would stay here again. Good location only a couple of blocks from Times Square. Check in was a little slow for 8 PM. Hotel rooms are fairly smaller than I'm used to, but that's NYC.",4
8083, March 2017,Awesome.,If you're traveling in 2's this place is perfect for you. Rooms are a little small but very cozy.(Accommodates very well for 2) VERY clean. Both the rooms and actual hotel. Great location. Block away from Times Square. & easy access to subway. Def booking here again for next time.,5
8084, March 2017,NYC trip,"Rooms are nice location is great! The front desk service needs help with their people skills. We were with another friend and wanted to be on the same floor, one room was ready so they said they would email me. the room wasn't ready so we got a room on a different floor and the heat was broken and we needed to freshen up for dinner so we headed to our friends room to do that not in the arctic room.",4
8085, March 2017,"Nice hotel, great location",Very slow check in. Very modern. Rooms are small but cozy. Cost was fairly high. The service fee a bit extreme. We were there for 1 night only and barely used any of the services but was charged the $29.94 service fee anyways. Should have a different service fee for 1 nighters.,4
8086, March 2017,Reasonable rates w minor issues,When we arrived Check in was a little chaot. We had no idea where to go since the main lobby is on another level from the main entrance of the street. The Bathroom door Gave us no privacy because it is a barb door style and has open ends on each side. but overall good value and CLEAN. Ask for specific instructions on where to go for check-in and Make sure you have breakfast included!,4
8087, March 2017,Nice & well located hotel,"The hotel is situated in the heart of Manhattan which is excellent for tourists. The rooms are not fancy but very comfortable and, therefore, suitable for the price of the hotel. The entrance to the hotel seems to be the only snag: it's too small for the size of the hotel and is constantly overcrowded.",4
8088, March 2017,"Good location, the hotel is ok","The room was really tiny as we were 3 adults and it was hard to move in there. I didn't stay in any other hotel in New York City so I can't say if this is the standard there. The location is fantastic, you're just in Time Square and we booked at a reasonable price so to us it was really convenient. The staff was always helpful, the cleaning wasn't spotless but ok. I loved the concept of the restaurant, there is a food ""market"" just next to the hotel where you can find different types of food with good quality. The bar is a bit expensive for my point of view. Overall I enjoyed the hotel, I would come back or recommend this hotel, maybe just booking a bigger room.",4
8089, February 2017,Great location,"Very comfortable bed, small room but enough for two.Location excellent, everything in walking distance. staff very friendly and helpful.Found the shop in hotel very handy.Would definitely go back.Thank you",4
8090, March 2017,My recent stay at Row NYC,"my friend and i recently stayed at the Row NYC. The hotel is very picturesque for all of you who want a poppin instagram feed. it is in a prime location. Time Square is right around the corner, plus it's such an affordable price. Unfortunately during our stay our bus got canceled due to a snow storm and we needed to find somewhere to stay ASAP! We talked and worked directly with Evan who is one of the managers, he was EXTREMELY helpful. Even though he couldn't get us another room in their wonderful hotel he helped us tremendously to find a decent hotel at a decent price to stay for the night. I would definitely stay at Row NYC the next time i come to NYC! Thanks Evan you rock!!!",5
8091, March 2017,ROW NYC at Times Square,There are not too many amenities (no room service for example) which is well compensated by its incredible location and the delicious City Kitchen nearby. Sometimes it is annoying the fact that you have to show your key card in order to access the elevators. Our room was not very big but it was comfortable and had a great view from the 8th Avenue. We loved the fact that we could buy stuff online and had it delivered direct to our room.,4
8092, March 2017,Nice Hotel,very nice hotel in a superb location. I love the amenities and the convenience of having eateries within the hotel with a wonderful array of food options. I did also like the nightclub atmosphere in the evening as well.,4
8093, March 2017,Reeks,"The bathroom reeked of urine making it difficult to relax and sleep. It made me want to get up and clean it. Room not the cleanest. Outside, lobby and nightclub were nice. Much better than the rooms. Price ok.",2
8094, March 2017,Trip,I would have given a higher rating but the heat was not working properly. The hotel has a great vibe. Everyone was super helpful I would stay again great location bar and restaurant was great good price,3
8095, March 2017,Tiny tooms,"This is an older hotel. The lobby is updated and nice. The rooms are very tiny and cramped. My complaint is when you try and call the front desk, or anywhere within the hotel no one answers the phone. The location is good and the staff is friendly",4
8096, March 2017,Avoid,"We recently stayed at the row NYC and it was so so disappointing. I read previous underwhelming reviews but did take them with a pinch of salt. Turns out I should have took notice of those reviews. The hotel when you walk in does look well kept and modern but unfortunately the rooms are terrible. They are indeed tiny, simple and shabby. They currently have really bad road works going on outside the hotel which are only happening through the night so you can rule sleep out as they noise is really loud. Granted this not the hotels fault but just added to our disappointing stay at this hotel. The City Kitchen attached to the Row is fantastic, I would highly recommend the food from there as it has lots of different cuisines and are all fabulous. But you do not need to stay at the",2
8097, March 2017,Amazing hotel,"The hotel has an amazing location, very nice decoration. It has a pretty cool table to sit and have a coffee, work or just hang out. The bar is very nice and the staff are all excellent. It has a small food court right besides the hotel where you can eat or have a coffee. I highly recommend this hotel! Rooms are pretty small but it has everything you need!",5
8098, March 2017,Looked cool but... just cramped and unclean,"After waiting too long to check in, I found my room to be cramped and unclean. Dirty carpets and stained bed linen - really not nice. I sent a message to report the dirty Linen but heard nothing back. Took my bag and booked into another hotel. Would not recommend.",2
8099, March 2017,Not what I expected. Pay extra and get a bigger room.,"Room was very small, wasn't actually described on the website on how tiny it was. Room wasn't cleaned properly had stains on bedding. MANDATORY fee per night which I found out during check in and wasn't too happy about!",2
8100, March 2017,Broadway shows in the snow,What a great location for a wintry visit to Time Square. ...or any other time. Time Square is right around the corner. And the rooms are comfortable and the place is friendly and it is all recently remodeled. Nice rates with frequent specials throughout the year. We love staying here when we visit NY.,5
8101, March 2017,Great experience,The hotel was great. The room was clean and well appointed although a little small it did not matter. Staff was kind and responsive. The City Kitchen was a great addition. Good location close to restaurants and theaters.,5
8102, March 2017,Well spent money!,"Fresh, trendy hotel with smart functions to make things go faster (since it's a pretty big hotel). You have everything you need, including free calls abroad and wifi. Use the concierge, they know all you need to know and will help you make reservations and book trips. Thank you!",5
8103, March 2017,Not worth the money,Very small rooms. Hidden fees they don't explain until day of check in. Check in with your smart phone not reliable. Stained sheets. Room was very hot even on a 20 degree night. Lousy experience all around,1
8104, March 2017,Ibs hair show,"Awesome stay!! Great service! Great view from our room! Great pizza! Staff was very friendly and helpful!! We will be back for sure!! Thank you... Raphael (bartender) and Zac (Front desk)!!! Love, The Maryland girls!!",5
8105, March 2017,Hi,"Was ok but could be better need to improve on the internet which was not working for me at all during my stay , also they should have smoking rooms also which will make it convenient for smokers ,location was very good",3
8106, March 2017,Row NYC,"Great location, awesome position, friendly staff. Check in was easy and so check out, rooms are clean and all you need is there, position is unique Times Square, fifth avenue, Empire State Building, theaters an so on within walking distance",5
8107, March 2017,complaines,very poor bar room very dirty the room service is very poor elevator makes alot of noise they should hire better hosttest cause way too long the way i found a rasor blade wene i walked in the bathroom for the first time,2
8108, March 2017,Location was great but the rest of the hotel need some improvement,"Lots of maintenance needed to be done in the hotel room. The room showed damages here and there. The cleanliness needed to be improved as well. I understand it was a very busy hotel but the carpet needed to be shampooed. The moment we walked in to the room after check in, we could smell weird odor.",3
8109, March 2017,A Happy Experience,"Wonderful location and quite acceptable room . Very clean with pleasant maid service. Convenient food service but pricey (juice). Loud heater the first night but it resolved itself. Great elevator system. Be prepared for a very busy lobby with a lot of groups. Overall, A very acceptable experience",4
8110, March 2017,"Amazing check in staff, disappointing unclean room","Junior, the man that checked me into the hotel, was incredible and deserves a mention. The rest of the hotel is set up so that it's almost impossible to reach such great staff again, unless you are willing to wait in lines. If you are willing to put up with dirty, dusty rooms and a maid service that leaves your bed half done and doesn't even wipe down the counters ... it's a perfect location for Broadway. That's about it. Great convenience and disappointing rooms. Food options are pricey but decent. Worth it only for 1/2 days and then stay elsewhere!",3
8111, March 2017,Bad,"Overall very poor value for the price, I will not come back and I would suggest you to find another place where they actually care for their guests. 1. Room I've got an upgrade offer about one week before the arrival - so I ""applied"" and, instead of the Superior room I originally booked, I've got a Premium room (which is the same but just on a higher floor) and it couldn't be smaller! For 14$ more a night!! A real joke, not to mention the toilet which was ridiculously small, unclean and missing the shower curtain. 2. Payment On the day of my arrival I was charged on my card an price that I couldn't understand but when I went to the reception to ask clarification the staff was really unhelpful and rude about it. They charged fees that were nowhere mentioned earlier. 3. Staff",2
8112, March 2017,Above Average hotel,The hotel is nice. I liked the room but the bathroom tub was dirty. Checked in in 3min so that was great. I would definitely book here again. Hotel is right in the middle of everything. Time square is one block away.,3
8113, March 2017,Nice but...,"The holel must improve the luggage drop off and pick up logistics, they must move this to other space. The entrance is a mess and is too crowded with guests trying to drop off or pick uo their luggage",3
8114, March 2017,Great hotel,"This hotel is fantastic. Firstly, it is such a waste of time to spend a lot of money on hotels when in NY you are never there, so I have never spent a lot of money while staying in New York, however I am confident that if I wanted to spend more time in the hotel I would love it. The hotel is so modern and up to date. A couple of things I loved, the city kitchen, so convenient, make sure you try a donut from Dough they are the best, when I came to NY in September I hunted down the shop on Fifth Avenue because I heard so much about them, then I get to the hotel and have one right where I am staying! I like how the hotels lifts/elevators you have to put your floor number in before you get in them, so you only get people staying at the hotel and even if it gets really busy you",5
8115, March 2017,Don't sign up for extras and be prepared to wait,"We were charged over a hundred dollars and told it was for a room upgrade to a higher floor when the welcome email allowed you to pick early check in for $51, late check out for $51 and a room upgrade to a higher floor for $16. We were charged all $118 plus taxes and fees for just the $16 room upgrade. This would be less of an issue if they ran their check-in desk efficiently, but they do not. We waited almost an hour to check-in and I spent another half hour to talk to someone about the charge the next day. When I did eventually get to talk to someone, they removed the charge, but it was such a hassle. Meanwhile, there were only two staff manning that desk while there was a huge line and a lot of customer issues. There were always plenty of staff standing around but none",1
8116, March 2017,Great place to stay,Fab location as central to Times square. Junior on front desk was brilliant with upgrading our room and with it being my 50th gave us complimentary prosecco and drinks at the bar. Thank you Junior for helping the celebrations.,4
8117, March 2017,Great customer service at check in.,German Romero was wonderful about getting us checked in without any hassles. Great location. Easy access to Broadway. Comfortable rooms. I gave it 5 stars because of these attributes. However we got caught in NYC for the blizzard and so far the hotel has not been very accommodating in letting us extend our stay.,5
8118, February 2017,first time new york hotel I've visited,"4.0 star rating 3/4/2017 Row has a fantastic location in terms of Times Square, theatres and restaurants. You literally can't beat it, especially for the price, which is fairly low compared to other hotels around the area. The lobby is incredibly swanky. Very high tech with a great business center, bar, food court and high-end convenience store all in one place. The elevators also send you up to your floor from the ground, rather than everyone crowding into one elevator and stopping at each floor as you go. Very convenient and fast. The check in line moved incredibly slow. There's also a luxury fee that covers wifi and a couple of other amenities. In terms of the room, it does the job. Seems like an older building that was bought and converted. The room is given a modern look",4
8119, March 2017,AVEDA Professional,"Jesus (Tiny) and Josie keep the bar in the Row so fun! They are extremely patient, kind, and accommodating. Great guys, great bar 😀😀😀. The place got slammed when the blizzard started a panic and they handled it like champs.",5
8120, February 2017,You're right in the hustle and bustle,"I was in NYC on business and wanted a place where I could walk around and see lots of things. I also got 1 day to explore the city and so this hotel was nice and close to the places I wanted to visit. The rooms are a good size. Beds and linens are comfy. The hotel had great ammenities from what I heard but I didn't have the time to use them. I loved that I had a cafeteria style restaurant attached to the hotel. That was very handy. Earplugs are a good idea, but that's not because your neighbours are noisy, it's just that you're on a busy NYC street. It's a great place to drink up the atmosphere of New York. The hotel is so close to a subway station that it easy enough to manage my bags and make it from Laguardia Airport to the hotel on public transit.",4
8121, March 2017,No value for customer loyalty,"One of the hotels that I usually stay in when I come to New York City is the Row located on Eighth Avenue. Its proximity to the Broadway Theater District as well as to Times Square and the Port Authority as well as to varied restaurants, shops, bars and clubs make it a convenient place for a short vacation. I have spent some of my Christmas holidays at this hotel rather than in other places. I recently stayed again at this hotel in early March and when I checked in, I casually asked the receptionist if there was any kind of courtesy upgrade that they could extend to me. I have made such requests at other hotels that I frequently stay in and so far, these hotels have found a way to respond to my request, acknowledging my loyalty to their specific brand of service. I thought Row",3
8122, February 2017,Its a well-run machine.,"Make sure you get the breakfast. Great coffee, fruit, various morning pastries. Very friendly service. I great start to the day. Location is just perfect. Close to the subway, restaurants, and shows. I made a complaint about the noise in the halls and it was quickly addressed. It was our second stay and I certainly would use the hotel again.",4
8123, November 2016,Great location,The rooms are quite basic but that doesnt matter too much given there is so much to do in New York. The rooms can pick up a fair bit of noise from the traffic as well. The biggest issue was the queue when we arrived. It took around an hour to register and there were a number of disgrutled people waiting to register. The only other issue is that it took a long time to get a lift as some of them didnt seem to be working.,3
8124, February 2017,Nice hotel. Great location and price. Slow check in.,The check-in process was painfully slow. Folks working there did NOT appear to be in any hurry. But once you get past that the room was nice. The location is great and you can't beat the price. We'd definitely stay there again. (Just plan better for check in to take longer - last time was around 30 minutes).,4
8125, March 2017,Best Bartenders in NYC,The Lobby Bar is awesome. Josie and Raphael are the best bartenders in the city. Friendly and make great drinks. Check it out before or after the showing time square. The food is also delicious. - D. Sparks,5
8126, March 2017,Lovely hotel,"Room was large and very clean. Excellent location (just round the corner from all the Broadway theatres and Times Square). Very helpful staff - particularly helpful and kind management. Food in city kitchen was very nice and reasonably priced. Security in hotel was good, and facilities were excellent. Overall very good experience and I would return.",5
8127, March 2017,Great Location...,"Great locagtion, but the hotel was too big and overcrowded. The reception area was so busy, it took over 45 mins to check in as there was only 2 reception staff working and a huge queue of people waiting. The rooms were clean and functional, but very noisy. Paper thin walls.",3
8128, March 2017,ENJOYED OUR STAY HERE,"Checked in quickly, fiezennia was very helpful explaining things about the hotel, she also answered a few questions we asked, room was a decent size and very clean, hubby celebrated his birthday while we were staying and was chuffed to find an envelope from the hotel wishing him happy birthday and had free drinks vouchers inside, so we visited district M bar and found it a nice place to chill with a drink, all staff members we had dealings with were polite and helpful, wifi worked well, check out was quick, we will definately stay at the row next time we visit new york, its so close to everything we wanted to see and do",5
8129, March 2017,Great location and value.,"A quality and hip hotel at a great value and great location. Pre-check in is highly recommended, but didn't go quite as planned due to technical issues. Room was small, but everything you need. Bathroom design was excellent. Live music in cool bar was a nice addition, and truly added to stay.",4
8130, March 2017,Great Location!,"We spent four nights at the Row NYC and were happy with the location and the hotel itself. In the mornings the elevators could be a little slow, but other than that it is modern, clean and walkable to pretty much anywhere you could want to go in NYC.",4
8131, March 2017,Not so much,"This was my second stay at the ROW. I chose it because of price. Next time I'll pay a bit more for a more peaceful experience. First of all, it seemed like nearly all the guests were between the ages of 15 and 22. There's nothing wrong with youth but with it comes late-night noise, chaotic lobbies (all hours of the day) and a general feeling of being ""in a night club"". We were celebrating my girlfriend's 40th bday and this just wasn't the scene for us. Aside from that, check in was very difficult. We arrived at 12:00 to a lobby FULL of people standing in multiple lines. When we finally got to the counter to check in we were told we would receive an email when the room was ready. We were aware check in was at 4 pm so that sounded fine to us. Problem was, we never received the",2
8132, March 2017,You get what you pay for.,"Clean rooms, but small. A bargain if you are going to spend time out on the town and only need a place to lay your head at night as I was. Convenient to Madison Square Garden and only a fraction of the price of properties in its shadow. Not the most efficient check in I have encountered, but considering the price, convenience and cleanliness not a major concern.",4
8133, February 2017,Great for the price!,"Small room, but great location and price. Clean and very comfortable. The lotion and soaps they use called Pure are amazing. Bed and pillows were so comfy. Wish they had a comp breakfast but I would stay there again",5
8134, March 2017,nice hotel in times square,check in was about 5min but they had plenty of staff at the desk and generally all over the hotel were very friendly the corridors getting to the room were a bit dull and badly lit room itself basic i had a large room very hard to control temp the room was very hot and had to use a/c to bring down temp otherwise basic but clean position excellent for times square,3
8135, March 2017,Gracious,"The entire staff was gracious, generous and seamlessly on task. The hotels complimentary drinking water is genius! The welcoming gifts were unexpected and quite delicious. The tone of the lobby's atmosphere was comfortable and felt considerate towards everyone. The privacy from the street was relaxing. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️",5
8136, February 2017,The best value in NYC,"Consider this Hotel in your options. The hotel is located just a few meters away from great atractions (Times Square, Broadway Theatres, great restaurantes). Considering that you stay just a few hours resting at the hotel, a great bed, excellent wi-fi, and a good shower is everything you need!",4
8137, March 2017,"I really liked it here - great energy (older folk may find it overwhelming), great staff, and great amenities!","I really liked the energy of this place. Shantelle, my receptionist, was really helpful; friendly; funny (a personality goes a long way, guys!); and very pleasant. I was in a pretty crap mood after almost getting diverted from LGA to BOS, so she perked my day up within 5 minutes of me getting there! That and she gave me a complimentary drink/breakfast token as it was recently my birthday (Thanks Shantelle!) The room itself has wall-operated blinds (there's 2 layers, one for privacy and the other completely blocks out light) which I will gladly admit, anonymously to the world, I played with like a small child for a good twenty minutes before I simmered down. That and the view from the window, you really get to see New York in all its busy glory (or, if you're a country bumpkin,",5
8138, March 2017,Very Good!!,I liked my stay at The Row NYC. It was my first time in NY and I sarifasfied with my experience in the Hotel. I made an up grade and stayed on 27th floor and liked the view. Love the service and will be coming back!,4
8139, March 2017,EXCELENT,"great hotel, clean, people is kind, and it´s located near everywhere ! times square, port authority bus central, the subway is just one block away. can´t wait to come back again and visit the great apple.",5
8140, March 2017,Salon owner,"What a great place. Perfectly located in Time Square. Love the convenience of having City Kitchen right in the hotel. We had the greatest Bartender, Jose. Drinks and food were great. All severed with the greatest smile. I ❤️NY",5
8141, March 2017,Loved It!,"I'm definitely coming back here. This place was amazing. The room was clean, the bed was soft and comfortable. Everything was convenient. It's located in a great area and I'd definitely make a trip back to ROW NYC again.",5
8142, March 2017,Perfect for the single person!,"This hotel has a great location, is the most reasonable around, and in spite of being in the downtown area my room was quiet and truly smoke free. I will definitely book here again! The room was very small, but had a comfortable bed, nice TV, and very clean bathroom.",5
8143, March 2017,Great place,Great price and location a really nice hotel it has nice restaurants and a bar so you don't even have to leave the place will definitely go back. I recommend this hotel after staying at many others in NYC for the same price.,4
8144, March 2017,Garbage,"Heater didn't work, dirty room, staff impolite, outside was nice but room looked like it was falling apart. Told we were ""upgraded"" and the room looked like a tiny box with no view at all... I would've taken my standard room and it would've been better and maybe cleaner",1
8145, March 2017,"good hotel , pefect location, great team","Let me start with the people, it’s always about the people. Shantelle at the reception is a manager dear employee. She did her best to make our stay pleasant and we had few interaction with her, always super nice and positive. Bravo!! The hotel manager (we needed assistance for something) personally took care of us as well. Location is excellent, just by Time square, and 2 min walk from subway station with underground access to the 42nd station which can actually take you anywhere. Excellent here. We arrived late Thursday, 2 nights. (March 9-11) Disappointing part that we didn’t get the rooms we booked! Instead of single large bed we got 2 twin beds in same tiny room. This is the main complain. Tiny rooms are normal in NY (take the Hudson hotel on 58th for example), but with",4
8146, March 2017,Great hotel!,Loved the central location. The room was clean & a good size. Much preferred to a large chain hotel. Would definitely stay at ROW NYC on any future trips to New York. Highly recommend. Great value for $,5
8147, March 2017,Big in the Big apple,"I was quite appalled by the traffic in the lobby, felt as if we were entering a bus or subway station. At least 100 people in there at all times, busy hours the double... Very dark, which made me feel a bit uneasy. Especially since people who didn't belong there seemed to walk in as they pleased.",3
8148, March 2017,Pathetic hotel... Not at all recommended,Reception Staff is very rude and not all welcoming One of the worst places to stay at this price Everyone is mostly asking for the tip rather than working and earning it Not look after the guest after checking in Very small rooms Not at all adjusting hotel policies Feels like a police station,1
8149, March 2017,Second stay disappointment,Upgraded to corner room for more light & ended up adjoining. The teens next door were up all night (no sound barrier). Gen. mgr never replied to emails & no rooms left to switch. Restaurant was great but wouldn't stay again.,3
8150, March 2017,Good location in theatre district,Nice feature wall in rooms- barn door in bathroom - OK one night stay would not stay for longer than a week if you need to sleep. Went to City Kitchen attached to hotel- good variety in breakfast options.,3
8151, March 2017,Good hotel but unlucky experience,Quality is not bad but the lines are so long and the baggage storage is inconvenient. Had a room change and waited 7 hours for the new room... But if there wasn't a room change I would give it a 4.5/5.,3
8152, March 2017,Funky but poor,"Good location. Helpful staff.clean.Super busy.Noisy. I stayed in a twin bedroom with a friend. The room and bathroom is so small. I cannot go with my husband because he is big. the hotel is noisy. Don't use the restaurant connect to the hotel ( city kitchen). we had a bad experience about lack of hygiene, we ask for money back but the lady says no refund.",2
8153, March 2017,Good bargain,Nice place with a good crowd of people. Close to Times Square and great eatery. The rooms were in good shape and the people there were very willing to help. Check in was quick and check out by phone was great and very convenient.,4
8154, March 2017,Second time here... no complaints,"The Row is a great alternative when you are on a budget but want to be near Times Square, the Subway station, and great restaurants (Hell's Kitchen). I got a great deal on the hotel's website, that beat even the best offer I had found on Groupon. Plus, booking through the hotel provides options for additional amenities, which were much appreciated! We had a great room with a view of the Hudson. Although the rooms are small, they were clean and secure. I was only here to sleep and freshen up between activities, and for us, this hotel was perfect!",4
8155, March 2017,good hotel close to everything,"the hotel is on 8ave one block from times square. PABT and the subway are really close also. good Restaurants are within walking distance. the elevators are superquick you practically never have to wait. the rooms got a recent renovation and have everything you need. the only thing i did not like is the facility fee, which is added to your bill at the hotel - it's a nogo!",4
8156, May 2016,All other than quite area,"We arrived late friday night and the hotel was like a huge party with a live singer. Maybe not what you want with a jetlag. The check-in was slow, we stood in a long line for quite some time. The elevator had a system in which you swipe the card in order for the elevator to arrive, and then it only stop at you floor. This was also a bit confusing with jetlag :) There were no breakfast included in my room, but a nice cafe in the lobby. There are also a 1 dollar breakfast package that can be booked. The room was small but nice. I lived a couple of floors up and was not that disturb by the traffic around time square. A good location, both for walking around, and a subway station near. Not the hotel if you want the stay to be quite and relaxing. Also very much local good",3
8157, March 2017,The row is overrated,"My experience was not posistive. My room was placed near the elevator shaft. So it was very noisy. I was asked to be moved and they couldn't do that, so I asked for earplugs. They promised that they would have them delivered to my room, but it didn't happen. I called the operator the bring plugs and they still did not carry out the job! I had to notify to the operator several times before the brought the earplugs.",3
8158, March 2017,Never going back,Could smell the cleaning chemicals sprayed in my room from outside and the bathroom was dirty. Asked for new room and Got downgraded to smaller room but charged the same for it. I will not be going back.,2
8159, March 2017,OK hotel but it has major flaws,"The Row NYC is extremely conveniently located near the theatre district in New York. Just for that it is really great. Clearly the place is huge and accommodates large groups of foreign visitors. As a result, it is also rather impersonal. Upon my arrival I had to wait for almost 45 minutes in line for check-in. This is how many people had arrived. The desk staff was not particularly friendly or knowledgeable. The concierge was probably the most unfriendly person I spoke to the entire week. He simply couldn't get rid of me fast enough although I really only had a coup,e of quick questions on directions. My biggest bugbear however was the additional cost of over 30$ per day for ""services"" such as the use of the gym and the Internet. The room was reasonably clean until I",2
8160, March 2017,RowNYC Midtown Manhattan,"Great stay, Incredible location in the Theater District Checkin the online feature was a nice amenity . Our Superior room this time was a bit small, but that was the luck of the draw. In the past the room was larger, but its no big deal since we didn't stay in the room but to sleep. Management offered to move us when asked. Couldn't have a better location in the Theater District. We could walk to everywhere. Port Authority was just 2 blocks away. We walked to every theater we had tickets to with no more than a 10 minute (i.e: 49th Ave). Amenities were sufficient, staff was very helpful. Total of 479 with taxes and fees for 3 night stay in a Superior Room with Queen. Very reasonable for midtown Manhattan",5
8161, March 2017,Too much noise,Good place for a traveller who could sleep in a noisy surroundings. Rooms small. No breakfast opportunity. Lobby small and crowded. Long queus for signing in and checking out. Bed o.k. Fancy soaps do not change to shower gel.,2
8162, March 2017,Overall good stay,"Bugs in the bathroom, and a general misunderstanding of payment because of unclear information given over the phone / front desk. Great location. Very nice accommodations. Overall good experience, but some mishaps for sure.",3
8163, March 2017,Terrible,Bugs broken noisy toilet and tv broken . Did not get any assistance for 3 hours. Ruined my whole next day with family and friends. It didn't matter if the room was free the accommodations were terrible,1
8164, March 2017,I would recommend this place.,"Where do I begin with this place. I would recommend this hotel to others but with a heads up about a few things. First ... the service is very good. Everyone employee I encountered was extremely helpful and courteous, especially Shantelle at the front desk. Second ... the price is not bad for New York, especially if you get the parking package. We brought a car and so we got the parking package which was very affordable compared to what it would have been if we paid to park. Third ... the hotel needs a lot of improvement on cleanliness. Our bathroom still had a used piece of soap left in it which grossed me out. The whole room didn't seem clean. I feel like this hotel is an old hotel that they tried to make it look modern. We got a city view room which was nice BUT the window",4
8165, March 2017,The worse Barman ( Raphael ),"Have been in loads in bars all over NYC & around the World. However seeing and witnessing this unprofessional, cheap, extreme low professional Barman like Raphael I never did. After few nights and he know me somehow, his approach was complelty wrong accusing me in front of other guests by running not seatling a 10$ check for a drink ( this is why I came back but what happened he has put a girl on the bar & apparently his girlfriend asking people to invite her for a drink and giving them a fake telephone number ) will stop here only and if u r interested let me know back to tell u all",1
8166, March 2017,"Great stay, great hotel","Love the proximaty to time square, close to everything, clean rooms and bathrooms. Great bar and close to a number of restaurants. The service and attention to the guests were extraoridnary. When i go back it will be at the Row hotel.",5
8167, March 2017,Horrible customer experience,"I was 30 minutes away after an 18 hour drive when I get an email telling me my reservation was cancelled. After calling, I was told they'd hold my room. Upon arrival, after waiting for 20 minutes at the front desk, I was told my room was not available anymore and it's not their problem. Great job, guys. Great organisation. Right now, you couldn't pay me enough to stay there.",1
8168, March 2017,GREAT LOCATION,"Rooms are small , but who cares!!!! Nice and clean and who hangs out in their room when visiting Times Square anyway. Continental breakfast is included. If you arrive early the hotel will hold your luggage until your room is ready! A great value in my opinion!",4
8169, March 2017,Watch Out!,"The room was labeled ""superior"". It qualified as such only if one is a canine accustomed to living on the street. It was the size of a solitary confinement cell. The bathroom was so small that I managed to injure myself twice (and I'm thin) just trying to use the facilities. The worst part, however, was the bloody kleenex my fiancee found next to the bed.",2
8170, March 2017,"Great Room, Great Location","Great room, great location, fun environment and vibe. Overall great experience with no real downsides. Good value for the money. Nice people at lobby check-in, centrally located. Would gladly stay here again.",5
8171, March 2017,NYC,Excellent hotel excellent staff all very helpful and friendly nothing was a bother to them. Hotel room was clean and comfortable and a daily maid service. I had booked a disabled persons room and it was lovely roomy walk in shower. Bed was very comfortable only one small detail bedside cabinet made it awkward to get close to the top of the bed. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends and family. It has a central location in Times Square. The hotel does have a restaurant but I did not use it. Plenty of shops cafes pubs and restaurant located in and around the hotel. There were plenty of taxis public buses and subway just outside of the hotel,5
8172, March 2017,The Row,"I came into the city for business and needed a centrally located hotel. The Row is in a great location. I received an email that I could pre-check in, so I decided to give this a try. When I arrived at the hotel, I got my key, but there was no one to answer any general questions about the hotel or my reservation. As a first time guest, the pre-check in should not be offered since I would have to wait in line to get all the information about the hotel. I ended up getting information from a fellow guest. The whole reason I booked this stay was for a good night sleep. In the middle of the night there was a loud banging. Shortly after, the face of the A/C unit fell off. I ended up turning it off and just sleeping uncomfortably the rest of the night. In the morning I needed to store",3
8173, March 2017,Not bas,"Not bad. Should have some things, suck as freego bar, larger closet. The bed was worst than I expected. The hotel is very close to a lot of nice place, positive point. The people at hotel are not very kind.",3
8174, March 2017,Christina S is very helpful!,"It is a hard time to find two rooms that we need exactly, but Christina S helped us very patiently. Even though it took her 15 minutes to check the rooms available, she still got tow rooms for us, which are satisfying. Thank you, Christina S!",4
8175, March 2017,Complaint,Not worth at all to spend any Minute at this Hotel. Complainments from the first to the last minute. Not enough staff. Staff completely overloaded. The only positiv thing is the good location of the hotel.,2
8176, March 2017,Short Stay Birthday Vacation,The room was extremely small and very warm! The bathroom exhaust was broken so every morning the room was not only hot but sticky from the bathroom moisture! The overal value of the room was perfect for the amount of time we were in the room,3
8177, March 2017,Nyc,I would highly recommend this hotel to my family and friends. It is in a central location in Times Square with everything within walking distance. I did not eat in the hotel restaurant so I can not comment about it. There are plenty of shops cafes restaurants bars within walking distance. A wide choice of culinary taste. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful.The hotel rooms were very clean and comfortable with daily maid service.,5
8178, March 2017,Good value for Times Square,"ROW (nee Milford Plaza, the ""Lulla-buy of Broadway"" as they used to advertise themselves), is smack in the center of the theater district. If you are planning to see Broadway shows, this is a great location, and there's a good chance your theater(s) will be within a block of your hotel. The rooms are clean, the staff (check-in, and housekeeping) are very personable, and the rates are as good as you can get, especially when they run a promotion during the off season. The negatives are that the rooms are very small. Great for a solo traveler, or a couple that doesn't mind coziness. It may be worth upgrading to a larger room if you are worried about space. But if you are like me and don't go to Manhattan to hang out in a hotel room, then I'd recommend this place. Be",4
8179, March 2017,Perfect location!,Great hotel in a perfect location. Rooms are pretty basic but all you need. A couple of things I will say we were disappointed with was that reception was always extremely busy and the hotel charged us 2x what we paid at the end of our stay in cash... on our card as well!! (FYI I am still awaiting a response from you on Twitter & Facebook regarding this) oh and on one of the days the water in our bathroom was coming out BLACK. Following this the radiator/heater in the room would come on at random times extremely loud.. even thought it was going to blow up at one point it was making the most peculiar noises. Anyway...Hotel itself is massive and the dough donuts available in city kitchen are amazing!!! Also.. the sugar factory is delicious too. I think it's great that the hotel,4
8180, March 2017,"Great stay, great sleep, great location, would recommend!","I was very happy with my stay here! Check-in was quick (10 mins), despite a long line. Everyone that works here was nice and professional as well. Our room was clean and cute and the bed is SO comfortable! I got a bit nervous due to some of the reviews that I read, but I was very happy with our experience. We got a great nights rest, it was quiet, the room was a good temperature... check out is at 12. The location is so central and perfect for a quick NYC visit. I mean, what is there to complain about? Also, my husband accidentally left his suit in the closet and when we called them, they immediately took care of it and put the suit into a bag and met us when we came back to get it.",4
8181, March 2017,Great Location,We arrived in Row NYC on Monday 6th March on a 50th Birthday celebration. We had prior to our visit emailed to request a room above the 9th floor as we had been advised that the noise near street level was loud. When we arrived we were allocated a room on the 7th floor. After explaining my husband was recovering from major surgery and we would need to be returning to the room for him to sleep during the day we were upgraded to the 23rd floor at the back of the hotel. Having come back everyday early to rest this room has proved to be amazing. Apart from the flashing billboards from the square which are amazing and can be blocked out by the fantastic blinds the noise level is low. As for the beds I can honestly say that they are the comfy. I think that they are the best beds we,4
8182, March 2017,Weekdays,"Everything was pretty good but the room was very small. The cost of parking is too high; it kills any savings from a good room rate. There are amenities that are comfortable: dining, bar, fitness. But if you choose not to use them, the fee is an added expense.",3
8183, February 2017,Fab hotel,"I wasn't sure what to expect at the hotel as read lots of negative comments beforehand however I had no complaints. The check in was quick although the foyer area is very busy all the staff were very helpful. The lifts have a fab system you put in your floor number and it tells you which lift to go to and it works. Yes the rooms are small but your in New York however the rooms were comfortable I was disappointed not to have a city view but this is a great hotel for a base at Times Square I will defiantly return. Be mindful of the service charge, for three nights it was 65 dollars but the wifi was great and you could use your room phone for both international and local calls so well worth it",4
8184, March 2017,Great location. Clean room.,The room and bathroom were clean. Beds were very comfortable. Close to everything. Not as noisy as you would think being in the heart of Times Square. Liked the food hall attached to the hotel. Would definitely stay again.,5
8185, March 2017,Disappointed after 20 years of loyalty,"Stayed here starting 20 years ago. Now, no refrigerator, no microwave, which is a disadvantage for the hotel compared to other NYC hotels. These provisions can help customers save money on food while providing a service. They wanted $35 for a refrigerator.....no way! Teeny tiny room, but sufficient for one person. Close to theaters, a plus.",3
8186, March 2017,Horrible experience,Got there at 8-9 pm waited an hour to check in because rooms weren't ready (check in was 4-5 hours ago). The next night they overcharged my card. Called and was told it was fixed but no explanation to why,1
8187, March 2017,The Row,"The Row hotel was a great bargain especially being right around the corner from Times Square. I loved my room it was well maintained and clean. Super nice interior and lobby. The online check in and out was very convenient as well. I had booked a few days before and got my room before check in time thanks to the online check in, also skipped the long line. The bed was amazing and made up for how loud the heater was. There's no other place like the row.",5
8188, February 2017,Even the water bottles are amazing!,"ROW NYC! The location is beyond convenient! The staff, especially Zach at the front desk, went above and beyond to provide first class service! The décor is sleek and modern! The housekeeping staff was exceptional! Security was ever present! City Kitchen and Sugar were amazing additions!",5
8189, March 2017,Perfect Stay!,"It was our first trip to New York! Great location and service! Walking distance to broadway, Times Square, Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and to many subway lines. Was also able to print theatre tickets In the hotel.Definitely reccommend!",5
8190, March 2017,Great location!,"They could use a better cleaning service, but over all for what you eill use a hotel in NYC is perfect. Susana at the concierge is super rude. She should not be at a concierge desk. Heater in the room is loud.",3
8191, March 2017,The RoW Experience,"This is an amazing hotel , I stayed here when it was the Milford plaza, great then exceptional now. Definitely coming back for longer stay next time. Amazingly breath taking views , great staff and restaurants",5
8192, March 2017,Exorbitant fees and endless check in line,Hotel charges a LOT of money to receive and hold guest packages - other NYC hotels I stayed with do not charge such fees. Check in line took forever. $30 resort fee includes free international calls which is nice but otherwise is another unjustified fee.,2
8193, March 2017,Meh,"Staff was smug and unhelpful, I was asked to show my room key several times to prove I was a guest while most people were never asked. Rooms are small but nice. However Walls are very thin and quiet can be difficult to come by.",2
8194, February 2017,Very central buzzing contemporary hotel with all you need for short stay,Our room was huge. We then found out it was accessibility room. We stayed one night and then returned after two weeks to stay for further 3 nights. Reception staff so friendly and accommodating. German Romero on the desk arranged for us to stay in an accessibility room for the 3 nights when we returned. Thanks German!,5
8195, January 2017,Good Location,"This hotel has a good location and access to venues and transportation. Located just a few blocks from Time Square. Rooms are a little small but good for short stay and the price. The staff was helpful, courteous and friendly.",3
8196, January 2017,I have slept in a lot of beds in NYC. These are most comfy.,Not my favorite hotel but is nice and in a great location. Security is perfect and staff are all friendly. Lobby is very pretty but a little beat up for price and rooms are tiny. If by chance you can get a deal. Way worth it! They have the most comfy and coziest beds to be found in NYC hotels!! I gave been checking them all out!!,4
8197, February 2017,Great stay!,"Christina S. at the check-in desk was the best! Our reservation was messed up, and Christina worked hard to resolve the issue. And she found an exceptionally nice room for us! She was very welcoming, pleasant and efficient. Our ""bummer"" turned out just fine, thanks to her. We like Row NYC. Have been there many times. Will be back again next week!",5
8198, March 2017,March Break Vacation,I spent March break in NY city with my teenage daughter and we were so happy to find that the hotel was so close to Time Square and Broadway theaters. Very safe to walk around late at night. Nice and helpful staff. Close to subway. Hotel is a bit dated but you can see that the rooms were revamped and are clean. Perfect hotel for a mini vacation.,4
8199, March 2017,Top Notch Theatre District,Had a fabulous time at The Row in Mid-town Manhattan. The hotel was clean and refreshing. The staff were pleasant and catered to my needs. I was surprised at the level of service from the front desk to the breakfast bar to maid service. The room had a great view of the city and the river - it was clean and fresh! I highly recommend this hotel and will stay again!,5
8200, March 2017,Pleasant,I was traveling on business and needed a room for the night. My only staff interaction was on check-in and it was excellent. The room was a standard with two dbl beds that were comfortable. Lots of plugs! The heating unit warmed the room up well but was noisy. Street noise could be heard but nothing from inside. I slept well. The only complaints I have is the desk seating was a slide out box and the want space to really large enough to work at. And the surprise facility fee at the end made the room rates a little less impressive.,4
8201, March 2017,Awesome stay,We loved our stay at row nyc. The location is prime and the people at the row are very professional and friendly . The facility were very nice. The kitchen is top of the line with great food and wonderful people working in the row kitchen.,5
8202, February 2017,Disapointed with the room,"We visited New York for the first time and stayed at row NYC for 2 nights. Although it's brilliantly positioned right in the heart of Times Square. I couldn't have been more disappointed with the room, it was a tiny little room for the 2 of us with not even a proper sized double bed. I hated the corridors painted in a drab brown and nasty carpet. Masses of people milling around trying to squeeze into the lifts with takeaway food. It was so busy and quite noisy. I so wanted to like this Hotel but I just hated it.",2
8203, March 2017,Broadway fun,This hotel was wonderful. Urban Chic for sure. Staff was professional and kind with helpful tips on navigating the big apple. The beds were wonderfully comfortable and seeing how quickly my back bothers me in most hotels I was wonderfully surprised. I am thinking of calling them to find out the brand they use that is how good they were. The food court was perfect and very accommodating as well as delicious. Thanks for a wonderful weekend. he back is,5
8204, March 2017,A+++,"Love this place. The bar / lounge area has a fun, relaxing vibe and is conveniently located. Our bartender Jose was the best! He's very attentive and friendly, and his drinks were amazinggg. I definitely recommend this place. Stop by for the live music and good drinks.",5
8205, March 2017,Very convenient location,"The hotel location was excellent, really busy hotel so checkin was slow & no opportunity to inform staff of some minor issues (heater turning on unexpectedly). Very small rooms but expected this in NYC.",3
8206, February 2017,So So,"We arrived on a Sunday evening, and got to checkin before the there was an influx of people. Our ccard details were taken as security (everything was paid for previously) we were assured that nothing would be taken off the card. When we got home we realised they had taken €150 , when we called about this we were advised it was a mistake and we would be refunded in about 9 working days..it was, but advise others to check their bank account. When we got to our room, it was very small, which was fine, city hotel I wasn't expecting a massive room, the bathroom was also tiny the door between the bathroom and bedroom was a sliding door which didn't stay closed. This room also backed onto all the lifts..it sounded like a plane was about to land , we requested a move as you couldn't",3
8207, March 2017,Very good location,"The hotel has a very good location. Times Square around the corner. The restaurant ""The Kitchen"" has everything you need. The bar ist cool. The staff is friendly. Our room was small and the bathroom was smaller. Unfortunately the air condition / heater was very loud at night and we do not like the shower curtain. But the allover expirience is very good!",4
8208, November 2016,Sarah,"We had a great stay at this hotel. Staff were friendly, especially the guy who checked us in( can't remember his name)The hotel is right in the heart of busy New York. Would definitely stay again. Rooms were standard size and clean apart from the windows!!",4
8209, March 2017,NYC dream trip,Hotel was very clean and an excellent location but found some staff very short when asking questions and had a security issue with another guest gaining access to my room while I was getting dressed and got no feedback as to why when brought to hotels attention,3
8210, March 2017,In the centre of New York,"Well centred and easy to access different places. Rooms are a little congested but it's good for the short stay. Overall , it's a good place to be. Long queues are the only problem but. You complete with the check in , your through. The hotel is a very busy place. But the stay is worth.",4
8211, March 2017,Deep in the heart of time square,"Having stayed at this hotel many times, both as a member of an airline flight crew and for pleasure I knew its limitations and pluses, but I actually paid quite a bit more to upgrade to a ""delux city view"" room and I overlooked John's no slice pizza on 44th - with all the noise to go with it. very disappointing.",3
8212, February 2017,The row NYC,"Amazing location of the hotel. Rooms are average for what you pay. I was sharing the room with a friend and thought the sliding door in the bathroom wasn't enough privacy. The reception and lift area is very modern however sometimes the wait for the lift is 5-10 minutes depending on time of the day. Some of the staff on reception definitely need to learn how to talk to guests. This particular person didn't explain the ""facilities tax"" just said we had to give him a credit card or go to withdraw $250 for a deposit. He wandered off a few times during checking us in and left us standing at reception for 10 minutes each time, it was as if he couldn't be bothered to help. And we were not told about this charge when booking either.",3
8213, March 2017,Unclean and over priced,"Really dissapointed by my second visit to ROW NYC. The room was really hard to find as the directional signage in the corridors was not clear and missing in some parts. The room looked clean but on closer inspection the carpet was stained and the drawers were filthy. The bath didn't drain and the room was so hot all night despite what the thermostat said. During the night I was woken at 2am by the noise coming from the construction site across the street. I expected it to be slightly noisy being in the city but drilling and trucks reversing at 2am was not. I eventually got some ear plugs from housekeeping. Finally, there were lots of charges on my bill which were not explained when booking. Increasing my bill by nearly a third. Very dissapointing.",2
8214, March 2017,"Great location, modern hotel","The hotel is very well located, rooms were impeccable, and staff, with a few exceptions, were very nice. Our only issue was when we arrived, the room they assigned us was next to a AC machine that was very loud, we went to the concierge and they resolved the issue upgrading us to another room.",4
8215, March 2017,Great Stay!,Great location and well priced. The room was awesome and the kitchen downstairs was very convenient for a quick bite. I was in for a convention at the Javits Center and was able to walk too and from - no problem. I would highly recommend if you are looking for a trip to NYC.,5
8216, March 2017,FAB stay,"Quick check in, fiezennia was very friendly and answered our questions, comfy bed, clean room, we stayed on the 18th floor and heard sirens all through the night, we will definately stay again, all services and staff we very good",5
8217, March 2017,Great!,"The hotel is beautiful, the room was neat, comfortable, quiet. The staff was incredibly pleasant and helpful, including the person at the door who answered my questions about parking with a genuine smile on his face, Shakeema at thefront desk who was just lovely, and he maintenance staff as well. I will definitely choose this hotel again!",4
8218, February 2017,In the Heart of Manhattan,"I stayed here recently with a group of over 90 people from my parish. The Hotel was in an ideal location, walking distance from Port Authority, Times Sq, Empire State building etc. The hotel is huge and there is a constant stream of people queuing with their luggage. There is a bar on the ground floor which had really good live music the night we arrived. (We were not back until very late on the other nights, so i don't know what entertainment there may have been subsequently). Breakfast was not included, but there is a mini food hall, which caters for most tastes. We were around the corner from The Majestic, where we went to ""Phantom of the Opera"" It was well worth the price. The room was supposed to be for 3, luckily there was only two staying there as we had only two",3
8219, March 2017,Very good value and amazing location,Perfect hotel - close to all theatres and Time Square. We were happy that all the Broadway shows we attended were one block away and that made it easier to get back late at night. Great service! Zach was very helpful and courteous. The security is also excellent.,4
8220, February 2017,Great location,"Small room, no fridge, air conditioning very noisy. In my opinion all the hotel is dark with poor light it was difficult to look at the city map. Trendy and fashion look. I expected much more but the location is perfect to visit the city.",3
8221, March 2017,Its ok,The hotel is nice but the room is tiny. And the tv would have to much static. The location is worth it if you dont mind the other issues. Its around the block from times square and the subways which you have to use to get anywhere in this city.,3
8222, February 2017,Great hotel. Great location.,"Myself and my wife stayed in this hotel for 6 nights from 23rd Feb 2017. We were slightly concerned after reading a lot of reviews leading up to our stay and they had been very mixed. We arrived around midnight quite tired having been travelling most of the day via 2 planes from England. The staff member at check in was very friendly and quickly explained the way the hotel worked regarding the lifts procedure, the eateries and bar etc. When we went up to our room we were quite pleased with the size and cleanliness of our room and settled in nicely. The mattress on the bed was a little soft for my liking but I realise this is a personal preference and others would like this. The location of the hotel is great being a stones throw from Times Square and Hells Kitchen area and I",5
8223, February 2017,Great hotel,"Was a little unsure about this hotel from reviews but didn't need to worry. The staff were friendly. Check in was pretty fast (looks like we got lucky with timing). The lifts are great. Only ever stop at one or 2 floors so no waiting or cramming loads of people in. The room was small (which was fine) but overlooked a giant fan underneath that was a bit noisy and obviously came from a kitchen by the smell but didn't bother us too much as we only slept there. Bed was comfy and clean. The room was a little dusty, lamps and rail in bathroom could have done with a clean but fresh towels and soaps etc every day. Overall a great hotel. 2 min walk from times square/subway/port authority bus station. Would recommend!",4
8224, March 2017,Extremely poor,"Our assigned room was not secured. The lock on our door did not work and a gust of wind opened the door, that's how we noticed it was broken. Once we went down to get a different room the staff made sure to tell us that we would be losing our view as if it mattered over our security. Our second room was okay, there was a few cleanliness issues like parts of the room not being vaccummed. On our last day we noticed blood stains on our window curtains. Even though it's a fairly inexpensive hotel for Times Square I would have easily splurged another $200 to stay in a secured and clean room anywhere else.",1
8225, October 2016,"Very average, but great location","The biggest appeal to this hotel is the location, being right next to times square and broadway. Rooms are super small and bare bones. Customer service was fine. Rates were on par with the area. If the price is right I would stay again.",3
8226, March 2017,The hotel is placed close to Times Sq. and all other hot spots are in a minutes walking from it.,"The rooms are moderate and does not fit for familly use. For single travelers it is very convinient, mostly ones who are first time in NYC. The acommodation rate are too high for this hotel. Please pay attention for small leters in your reservation. It adds facilities fee of about 30% the quoted price, and with tax you pay 50% to 70% higher per day. It us very crowdy spot in NYC, you should take in account for this. In some rooms, noise from street is too high. Ask for high floor room if you can spare time for elevators.",3
8227, March 2017,"Poor service, hidden ""resort fee""","I spent over 1 hour for ""pre-check-in"" just to leave my bags. Encountered a very rude employee during check-in. I was charged an additional 30$ for the ""resort fee"" which was put in the small font at the very bottom of my confirmation page. Great room and cleanliness but terrible customer service.",1
8228, March 2017,Small but mighty,"The room was tiny! But I absolutely loved it! This is the perfect hotel if you will be busy about the city and just need a place to rest your head at the end of the day. The staff were very friendly and helpful minus the bell-hop who seemed to be annoyed that I needed directions to their parking garage, supposedly they have a map for the bell-hop to give you, but I never saw it. They have a kitchen/cafeteria of different food vendors which was excellent, and a pleasant lobby bar that wasn't overly busy on a Friday night. Even the cleaning staff was incredibly pleasant, singing her tunes all the way down the hall! Overall my stay was great and I have no real complaints. Oh! And you absolutely CANNOT beat this location!! Central to everything!",5
8229, March 2017,Vacation,"Everything was great, close to stores and food. Right down the street from port authority it traveling by greyhound. However I was not satisfied with one of the special offers called Bloomingdales package. I received the bag, wallet, key chain and special offers. But no $50 gift card was given inside. Was so sad and disappointed because it was a package deal I got for my moms birthday.",4
8230, March 2017,I felt like cattle. Arrival felt like I was at a homeless shelter. Room was better though.,"We arrived in NYC in the morning, exhausted from a night's travel, ready to nap. We ordered a $50 ""early check-in"". But they did not honor it, said they were ""overbooked"" and so we were left to wander the (extremely cold) city in a stupor from 7am till possibly 4pm, standard check-in time. They did let us into a room at 1:30pm, but it wasn't even early check-in at that point. To add insult to injury, they didn't even email us when our room was ready like they promised they would - they simply gave us the room when we walked up to the front desk and asked for it. We tried to call the front desk when we arrived in NYC to verify they had our room ready, but they transferred me twice and then hung up on me. To be fair, they weren't ""trying"" to be rude - when we got to the",2
8231, March 2017,Amazing location,"The location is perfect, near Times Square but far enough to sleep well as you are not disturbed by noises. It's a beautiful and classy place but the cleanliness is kind of bad. City Kitchen is really cool with lots of possibilities. The beds are amazing, you'll sleep like a baby is his mum's arms !",4
8232, March 2017,BEWARE THE UPGRADE,"We enjoyed the hotel but we had to complain about the so-called upgraded room offered by email the day before we arrived. The upgraded room had a smaller bed and a view of a brick wall. Thankfully, after complaining to the right person (Patrick), we were offered a better room after one night in the crappy room. That said, being 2 blocks from the theatres and great Italian food was a terrific convenience.",4
8233, March 2017,Perfect Location,"Ideal location. Fairly basic, but clean and tidy. Check in/Check out staff not particularly welcoming but all other staff exceptionally polite and friendly. Would consider staying again if visiting the city.",4
8234, February 2017,"Good location, not a good overall experience","The location is great (near Times Sqaure, metro, bus station, but without the outside noise), but the room and service not so much. There was a lot of dust behind the beds, in the airconditioning unit and on the prinklers above the beds, our beds weren't made two days in a row and we smelled weed from another guest three days in a row (three complaints from us, only then 'resolved'). The staff at the front desk wasn't always very helpful, had to report the leaking toilet two times, just ignored us and we had to wait way to long to be helped. Check-in was a 45 minute waiting line, check out at least 15 minutes. Overall not wordt the > 125 dollar a night...",2
8235, March 2017,Not confortable,"The carpet at the aisle need to be wash, it smell bad, They have Poor quality at costumer service and the hotel need better housekiping staff. The rooms are to small for the price. the location is formidable near the 42st is in the heart of theatres and restaurants.",3
8236, March 2017,Worst Hotel EVER,I don't even know where to start of how bad this hotel was. Starting with the huge check in line and only one person working the desk. Room 532 was the absolute worst the noise level of the elevator was unbearable you couldn't even hear yourself talk. I was supposed to stay for 3 nights and I stayed for 0 nights. I called concierge over 15 times and no one would answer the phone. Front desk staff was rude and unwilling to help me. My trip was ruined due to this horrible hotel.,1
8237, March 2017,Junior is the man,My girlfriend book the wrong room and Junior lookout and upgrade the room for me and my family great job I really appreciated that and treated my kids with some free ice cream on him thank you very much,5
8238, March 2017,Extortionate fees,Check in staff were rude and abrupt. Additional fees were extortionate and not clear at the time of booking. Added over $200 to a four night stay. Water bottles and the water machine was a great bonus.,3
8239, March 2017,"Great hotel, great staff, great location!","This was our second time staying at ROW NYC and we loved it even more this time. The staff are extremely kind; the food court right next door has beautiful options; the elevators are some of the fastest I've experienced in a huge NYC hotel; the location is superb for going uptown or downtown; and the vibe is fun. Thank you, ROW NYC!",5
8240, February 2017,Location!,"The hotel is just ok. The location makes it worth the stay. Pick a room away from the elevators. They are noisy! The rooms are small. But hey, it's NY. Clean enough. Use the email check in/out option and the kiosk at the lobby to get your room key. It will save you a ton of time! The food court in the hotel has good options for food. Overall, the location makes this hotel a good option around Times Square and the Broadway theaters.",3
8241, February 2017,Three generations family week end.,"Hotel centrally located. Steps from Times Square, Broadway theaters, walking distance to Central Park, Bryant Park, Empire State building and tons of shopping and attractions. Old Milford Plaza refurbished 5 years ago.",5
8242, March 2017,Experience at ROW NYC,"It wax the first time staying there and the experience was terrible. He area for baggage check is too small and gets over crowded with the emptying of elevators right at that spot. Then as a first time guest, not knowing any better, you stand in that line to check in , only to find out after 20 min that check in is upstairs and then you have to stand in that line and then go back down to the other line again. I wasted 1 hour, Then after 5 hours of waiting for an email notice to say the room was ready, I had to inquire because email never came, nor did luggage. Many people had to get their own because we were told they were short staffed. As far as room goes, pillows were awful and heating unit rattled and clanked all night long. My only saving grace to this experience is that",1
8243, March 2017,Good location. Terrible service and cleanliness,Arrived to clogged toilet. Electrics went and partner couldn't finish drying her hair. which isn't great when it's -11 outside. Nobody turned up to fix it after we asked. Paid for superior room but got standard with a bad view. Complained about these issues and got a call to fix my issues. I asked for nothing in return but taxi information. They put me through to someone else to get the information and they didn't answer the call. I never got the info. The only nice staff were the security guys.,2
8244, February 2017,Row NYC hotel,"Great location near penn st station on 8th Ave, just behind time square, clean tidy , friendly hotel great location, I would definitely reckomend this as this was my first visit to New York we were worrying at the best location we were not disappointed,thank you",5
8245, March 2017,Staff was very rude,The staf was very rude and very unprofessional he call us lier about our reservation and the guy who see me he said that he can do anayrhin because he no have enough house keeping staff just because we entry and the room and they give us a wrong room,4
8246, March 2017,Great service,After an extremely stressful day I stopped by district M bar for a drink. This was my second time in and I was greeted by Josie who remembered my name from my last visit which was amazing. He was a gentleman and extremely accommodating . He made me a delicious old fashioned and chatted with me about my day. I will definitely be visiting again. I would recommend this place in a heart beat!,5
8247, March 2017,Review,"Crowded upon arrival. Felt more like a hostel than a hotel. Long lines upon check in, which was slow. Staff very friendly though. Hall way needed so love. That carpet was worn and stained. Room was tiny as was bathroom and showing some wear, but were clean and surprisingly quiet.",3
8248, March 2017,Best location and service in the Midtown area!,"Great service - Aaron Collins took our requests and made sure everything was handled. This is the absolute best hotel in the area. I always stay at The Row NYC - I have found no comparisons. The general manager, Maurizio Bonivento who we were able to meet on our visit made us comfortable and at home with the service. We will be back!",5
8249, March 2017,NYC Trip,"This hotel is very centrally located on one street over from Times Square. It is within walking distance of many attractions, Broadway theaters, Restaurant Row and the sightseeing buses. Rockefeller Center is close and so is St. Patrick's Cathedral. Although I didn't participate in the breakfast plan, there is one available for an extra charge. This is my third time staying at this hotel and the next time I go back to New York, I will consider staying here again.",4
8250, February 2017,Bar atmosphere was great!,"I stopped by the bar before seeing a Broadway show and was pleased with my experience. Not only were the drinks and atmosphere great, Raphael provided recommendation and suggestions around additional activities and sightseeing options on my down time from my business meetings during the day. I'll make sure to again visit the Row next month upon my return to NYC!",5
8251, March 2017,Good hotel of location and design,I was very impressed by the location of the hotel and the design of the hotel was also very good. Security of the hotel is amasing! Staffs check the card before we enter the elevator.I can enjoy our stay in Newyork because of the hotel was good.,4
8252, February 2017,I wouldn't come back,Very modern hotel in the heart of Times Square. The best thing it offers is location. The hotel is crowded all the time. Lobby and reception are collapsed because of people and luggage. I booked a deluxe bedroom and I expected it to be bigger. My suitcase almost didn't fit in the room. Wifi didn't work properly. It was interrupted every 10 minutes. Poor service at the bar. Only one waitress for a full bar.,3
8253, February 2017,Great location... thats all!,"As newly weds we arrived all excited to be greeted by someone with no personality and shoved off to a small dated room. The bathroom clearly needs attention, the mould on the wall wasn't exactly attractive. The lifts up and down take forever, probably quicker to take the stairs. The lobby doesn't fit in with the rest of the hotel theme and we felt quite cheated. The best feature of the hotel is the location unfortunately!",2
8254, March 2017,Love !,"Sonit was my fiancée birthday , and I decided to surprise him for fun in the city and ofcourse with all the fun it wouldn't be fun to travel 2 hour MTA subway ride at 3 am , if anyone has ever took one at that time from Manhattan to their far home you know it's not fun and joy kills your night of fun ! So I decided to book a room at ""The Row NYC"" the price was fair for the location of the hotel a long with the fact the reservation and booking was for weekend say (Sat into Sunday to be exact) so check in was at 4 pm the line was rather long but other than that no complaints room was clean , if your planning on having guests just be prepared for a small quaint room rather than a ""party room"" had a few guests come sing Happy Birthday before we hit the city ! But it was not",4
8255, March 2017,don't bother. Find another hotel,"A very long list was already sent to ROW NYC Management. To sum up, close to 6:00pm still did not have a room I already paid for even after receiving notification my room was ready at 1:00PM. Please note the above is minor compaired to several other issues.",1
8256, March 2017,I love ittt!!!,Amazing stay. Love my room.. Love the location.. In the heart everything .. couldn't hv celebrated my bday in any better way.. would definitely be stayn here everytime i visit nyc.. thank u so much Robert at Row for booking me the perfect room.,5
8257, February 2017,Amazing stay at the ROW !!!,Excellent location for my trip some great bars nearby and the welcome by German Romero made me feel like a valued customer good vibe in the bar and dining area at night wish I could of tried it but to many sights to see . Will def try when I return !!,5
8258, March 2017,Served the Purpose we needed,The rooms although not the largest were clean and served our needs. In a city like NY you don't spend too much time in the room in any case. Staff were friendly and helpful with complimentary drinks due to room being a half hour late in being ready. The hotel is ideally situated for easy transport links ....10 mins from Penn Station and 5 minutes from the bus station and 10 mins from Times Square.,4
8259, March 2017,Amazing hotel,"Amazing hotel with spectacular view of the city. Rooms are spacious for New York City standards, very clean. Helpful and friendly staff. Great location! I will be staying here everytime Im in the city.",5
8260, March 2017,OK place to stay,The hotel is in a great location but the rooms are small and housekeeping was not up to the standard i am use too. I asked her to come back in 45 minutes. When I got back the room was still not clean.,3
8261, March 2017,Good location,"Picked this hotel for the location near Times Square. Check in was quick but I arrived during the week, late evening. The reception area can be really busy and hectic at times and you have to wait for lifts. The room is clean and basic, you have everything you need for your stay. There was no view from the room just a big fan with netting covered in hotel litter, I kept the blinds shut throughout my stay as I didn't want to see it. The hotel room floor was quiet which helped getting a good nights sleep. Staff were helpful and friendly. It's a good budget hotel, especially being so close to the attractions which are in walking distance.",3
8262, March 2017,Close to city life,Used to stay here as Milford Plaza. Nice remodeling and upgrades. Corridors very noisy and dirty. Poor response from desk staff. Not enough desk clerks for check in. Lines were too long even if you checked in on line.,4
8263, March 2017,Great ROW NYC hotel,"The hotel is very functional, is perfectly located to be able to travel all the city. I recommend checking in and out online because you earn a lot of time. The operation of the elevators greatly expedites the lobby",4
8264, March 2017,Everything is Great except for the Bell Staff,"Arriving in NYC is an exciting experience, it's very unfortunate that such an amazing property and overall experience can be so ruined by the bell staff, your first encounter, at the property. I hope that the hotel can resolve this issue so that the experience can be a great one.",4
8265, March 2017,Served it's purpose for the price,The hotel was bustling as I had expected. Shemika (I think that her name) at the front desk was the highlight of our stay. She gave exceptional service and was very accommodating. The marijuana smoking on my floor was the damper along with the attic blast coming from the bathroom window. It kept my bottled water cold though! Rooms are extremely small but the beds are comfy! It served its purpose for an overnight stay.,3
8266, March 2017,Great Location,"We enjoyed staying at the ROW hotel. The hotel is conveniently located only blocks away from the Times Square and near the metro line. The bus terminal is only 2 blocks away and it took us only 12 minutes to walk from the Penn station. Reina, the front desk agent, was very helpful and accommodating. She made our stay a very pleasant experience.",5
8267, March 2017,Bathroom,There was black mold on Thebes side of the tub in the bathroom and that was super gross. Made me question the cleanliness of the rest of the room. The air conditioner also made an awful noise every time it turned on and off.,3
8268, February 2017,Best location in Manhattan,"Pros: Awesome location, good service and much comfort. All in one place. The ROW hotel. Great experience for a leisure time. Cons: waiting lines to use elevators and check in lines. Lots of people going back and forth in the lobby.",5
8269, February 2017,Poor quality for a four-star hotel,The position was the main reason why I overall liked of the hotel. The room (Deluxe city view) was not even close to a four-star quality hotel room. I would suggest to look for other cheaper options in the same area.,3
8270, March 2017,"Noisy, Dirty and not worth the headache. Go book somewhere else","We rented two rooms here and they gave us rooms that are right next to an elevator (no wonder that asian guy with a beard had a smirk on his face when he gave us the rooms). We couldnt sleep all night because the walls are too thin and we could hear the elevator's cables make noise as it goes up and down the building. I called to switch rooms but they didnt help me till the next day. To everyone that are thinking about picking this place because of the location, Dont do it! there are plenty of other hotels that are the same budget that are 5-10min walk to times square!",1
8271, March 2017,Worst experience ever,"Do not stay at this hotel. Please read. We arrived here late Friday night as stated on our reservations with 11 family members who were tired and ready for a comfortable bed. The horrible service started right away, we were told the hotel was overbooked by 25% and that priority is given to pre-reserved/pre-paid guests, which we were. After explaining to them that we were pre-paid guests the manager came out explaining he didn't have enough rooms for us and that he needed to split our party to a sister hotel, the Stewart. I stated that this was not acceptable as we as a family needed to be in the same hotel especially family who isn't familiar with the area and lingo because they are from overseas. Simultaneously there was another couple checking in who was given a room",1
8272, March 2017,Great Location and good standard of accomdation,Just home after 4 nights within the Row Hotel in NYC. Easy and smooth check in with no delays. Received a warm greeting upon arrival and were provided with an upgrade of our two rooms to the 14th Floor with lovely views of the city. The rooms were a descent size and the very clean. They were cleaned on a daily basis. The staff we encountered throughout our stay were all very warm and friendly. This is an asset to the hotel. The is a great vibe to the hotel. The location makes this hotel. Time Square / Theater district is on your door step and easy access to where ever you need to go in NYC. Central Park is a 15 minutes walk away. Would strongly recommend this hotel to family and friends and looking forward to my return visit.,5
8273, February 2017,My experiense in Row hotel was very good.,"But my room was too small, and i paid a special room. Hotel near Times Square is very nice. Good Wi-Fi e computers working weel. Nothing more to say about my stay, it was very good, but the room too small",4
8274, November 2016,Lodging Mod,"Neon lights fast energy that reinvents this historic city landmark. For a building that that has been around for almost a century, this hotels keeps the energy of old New York with a twenty first century spin.",5
8275, February 2017,Perfect location,"We enjoyed our stay at Row. We liked the cold and hot water drinking stations at every floor. I think the City Kitchen next door is wonderful. The beds were comfy. Our room was clean. The front desk, German, was very efficient and helpful. Overall I would say we will definitely stay here again. I wish I knew more about the $1 breakfast at Disttict M though. Too bad, it was too late.",5
8276, March 2017,Great!,"Awesome location, cute room, helpful staff. German Romero was incredibly helpful answering Questions, as have been the other staff. They're also accomodating to any issues and making sure the guests are informed!",5
8277, March 2017,Fabulous hotel,"I love Row NYC!! I love all the amenities. Breakfast is delicious. Listening to live music at night is intoxicating. The gift shop is perfect, whether I need bottled water, gloves, or a snack. I love that spin classes are offered, that there is a delicious candy shop, a blowout bar, gym, and 6 mini restaurants all on property. The location is perfect. This is my 2nd time to stay in NYC and I can't say enough good things about Row NYC! The staff are all friendly and knowledgeable. Everything is clean and just as pictured. Our view is fantastic.",5
8278, March 2017,Location Location Location!!,"Row NYC is perfectly located behind Times Square. The rooms themselves are reasonable especially for the price. I had a deluxe twin room with a north facing view which was amazing. Easy to check in and out, along with good wifi and bar. It also has a shop open at all hours.",4
8279, February 2017,Great value and great location for theater goers,Love this hotel and have stayed here for years-everything is remodeled now and really looks nice and clean. You will appreciate their elevator system especially if you stay on the upper floors. Security is good here-had a complaint that was dealt with immediately. Plenty of personnel around to help and very pleasant. Smooth check out process. Lots of computers in the lobby. Good food court in hotel also.,5
8280, March 2017,Row hotel,"When I got to the hotel I was told there was an extra charge of 21 Dollars a night for the Internet. I told the girl I didn't need the Internet, and she told me if I use it or not I will be charged for it. This is a down fall of the hotel.",3
8281, March 2017,Couples escape,We arrived on a Thursday and there was a big line for check in.. rooms needed a bit TLC.. our room was very small... i checked our friends room they were descent size... our room need bit more cleaning... the heating system was very loud😬,4
8282, March 2017,Check in,German Romero did an excellent job checking us in for our stay. His directions were clear and he was friendly and informative! He was very kind and easy to speak with. Very smooth and easy check in. Thank you German for your great customer service. Ariana,2
8283, March 2017,Best Location!,"We love The Row for its great location to the best theaters on Broadway! It is right around the corner from Broadway's best show, The Phantom of the Opera. It is across the street from Kinky Boots and many other top theaters are a 5-minute (or less!) walk away.",5
8284, February 2017,Stay at the Row,"The check in wasn't fast. There was a big line to make it. The other days the hotel was ok, good location, near times square. The only thing excepcional, was two police man, during two days waiting something near our room...",4
8285, March 2017,Excellent hotel,I would recommend the ROW to anyone visiting NYC. Close proximity to public transportation and restaurants. The staff were always helpful and polite. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. I will definitely stay at the ROW on our next trip!,5
8286, February 2017,Escape Mardi Gras,"Awesome location for our theatre trip! Went to 4 plays literally around the corner! Carmine's and Sardi's a block away! Walked to Central Park ,strolled for 2 hours, and walked back. Nice atmosphere in lobby area at night with live entertainment and light bites at the bar.",5
8287, March 2017,Good location but....,Too long time to give 40 minutes and to wait for our luggages 30 minutes.... not very friendly.... Good location but too long time waiting... not enought people working and very big line and bad organization...,2
8288, March 2017,Great stay and great deal!,"Was amazed to have found this deal. The hotel was great, a bit busy and seemed rather crazy on our last day but to be expected in such a big city. Room was clean and even got a free upgrade! Would definitely recommend.",5
8289, March 2017,"Pay $30 more and stay some where else, Trust me!","Rude front desk girl, dirty smelly room, over crowded lobby, dirty halls, dusty and smelly room. Very sad and stressful experience. I should had spend more money to stay some where else.... check in is at 4pm and check out its at 12 pm....do not expect any favors from front desk. Good luck",2
8290, March 2017,Noisy due to THIN walls,"The place has some good points. The lobby is dramatic in a urban chic sort of way. The staff was friendly enough. The room was clean but it is very tiny, even by NYC standards. It’s an old room. It’s been refurbished but you can still see the old doors, etc.; the bathroom door closed but did not latch. The toilet was industrial; didn’t really belong in a hotel room, IMO but again it was clean & functional. It was a large high step into the tub to take a shower but there was lots of hot water & great water pressure. The “pure” brand amenities were a nice touch. Storage is extremely limited. The blackout blinds in the bedroom work great but all the light streamed in from the bathroom. We were sort of annoyed that the lobby bar closed so early, before 1 a.m. On a cold",2
8291, March 2017,Great,"Only issue was that it takes a long time to check in and store luggage. Staff was very friendly, room and bed was super comfortable, gym was great. City Market in the lobby has amazing doughnuts and coffee.",4
8292, February 2017,This hotel is perfect for a city trip.,"We stayed at the row for seven nights and we loved it. It was only one block away from the Times Square, had a Subway Station near by and was i reach of the Port Authority Bus Terminal. Also the Staff was very friendly, the room was always tidy and also I really liked the gym!",5
8293, March 2017,Great location in heart of theatre district,"The hotel is located in the theatre district and is a really short walk away from Times Square. It has a great buzz around, lots of people always there as lots of different things happening in the lobby all of the time. It's a little entertainment hub. It's a great hotel with great staff. Thanks for the easy check in Herman. Overall would recommend this hotel as a great base. Close to Empire State, rockerfeller and other great attractions.",4
8294, February 2017,"Elevators, Ice & Water",Elevators can't go between floors. You have to go to ground floor each time. And they don't offer ice and water on each floor. It's either one or the others. So it makes getting ice a pain in the arss,3
8295, February 2017,Not good enough,"Fantastic geographic location in the theater district, very close to Time Square . Poor hotel standard compared to price. Hotel service are not good enough. A very busy hotel with long response time. Rooms do not match with website pictures. Noisy air condition. Easy to get taxi cab from Hotel.",3
8296, February 2017,Great location but not without faults,"The hotel is situated in Broadway and as you step out of the hotel you are surrounded by theatres and you are only a few minutes walk from Time Square. There are 2 restaurants inside, City Kitchen which serves different foods from different parts of the world is reasonably priced (for New York!). There was a band playing on Thursday evening at District M which is the other bar/restaurant. District M is quite pricey and we avoided it because of the price of the food and drinks. There are plenty of food outlets around the area to cater for all tastes and budgets. The room we had was overlooking inside with only a small window. The air conditioner is so noisy that even ear plugs would not be enough to cut out the noise, as we stayed in February, it wasn't a problem and we",3
8297, February 2017,huge but cozy,"excelent central location, excelent support! recommend 150%! The hotel is renovated in very modern and free way, very big but you don't have the feeling. Nice breakfast, very good beds and clean. It has all you need for few days break, even the fitnes is in the building and a nice restaurant too.",5
8298, February 2017,great location,"great location, tiny rooms. The room was very hot without anyway to make it cooler. That was a bummer. Small room with kind of low beds but overall fine. Perfect location for going to shows! I would stay here a gain probably but would maybe get a room with bigger bed.",3
8299, February 2017,"Pleasant stay, especially with their accounting manger who follow up the error on my bill","I stayed in Row in Feb 2017. Everything was great except the lifts were terrible. The front desk was helpful, and the cleaning people did a great job. There was an error of the bill which I did not check carefully until after 2 weeks I left the hotel. I e-mailed to them and they responded very quickly. Thanks to ELIANE MATAMOROS , the Accounting Manager. I got everything solved within 2 days!",5
8300, March 2017,The weekend at the Row,"Very cool hotel! Its in the middle of everything, so it stays pretty busy. The rooms were big enough for us. Zac, who works at the front desk was accommodating, professional and very pleasant. We arrived early and he made sure we got a great room. Thanks Zac! I will definitely stay here again!",5
8301, March 2017,UN Lions Trip,"Upgraded. Relatively clean. Room was clean and neat but very small. No phone book, hotel info, etc. Hallways were poorly monitored for spills and trash. Attached restaurants are all fast food....donuts to sushi.",4
8302, February 2017,Rooms cancelled on arrival no reason or email,Do not trust this hotel when traveling with children. Rooms cancelled without any reason or contact to confirm cancellations. Front desk have no time for questions to busy trying to get the check in line down under staffed and rooms where dusty and the bathrooms are so old.,1
8303, March 2017,Wouldn't recommend,When checking in we were told there was going to be a facility charge that was not mentioned at any point of booking for facilities we had no intention of using. We were also told how much exactly this was going to be and then when checking out they had added on extra fees completely unexplained. When checking in the guy was also very rude and finished off with trying to bride us to do a five star rating there and then mentioning his name for one free breakfast but did so in such a forced manor it was uncomfortable after it was clear his customer service had been very poor,3
8304, March 2017,Funky hotel in the middle of the action,"Perfectly located hotel just off Times Square. Room was small but clean and the bed was comfortable. Very busy in the lobby all the time...felt quite noisy but also quite happening. Bar was nice - more like a club though, with prices to match!",4
8305, February 2017,Rownyc,Came here for Valentine's Day weekend with my girlfriend and had a great time. The beds are very comfortable. The coffee is amazing. Rooms are a little small but that's ok if you don't need to spend so much time in the room. Best part of our stay was at the bar. Raphael was the bartender and was excellent. He took such great care of us and we can't wait to go back! Thank you Row and thank you Raphael!!,5
8306, February 2017,Looking forward to our next stay!,The location was awesome! Easy walk to everything and overall hip vibe at Row NYC. The city food court had amazing donuts and a great selection of food. Check in was pretty easy but we did it after 4:00 to avoid the rush.,4
8307, February 2017,Stay at the Row,"Check in was an enormous line, but otherwise the service was fine. Room was clean, only downside was a noisy ventilation machine. Location was really good, near subway station, good food nearby and nonetheless quiet rooms.",4
8308, January 2017,Multiple Stays,"I have stayed at the Row a total of 9 times so far, and I have never had a terrible experience. The worst thing I can say about the hotel is that sometimes the check-in line is absolutely ridiculous. The automatic key kiosks are much preferred, and I utilize them whenever possible. I also think the hotel should invest in their hallways. The lobby, bar, etc. are all gorgeous, and the rooms are tiny but that's to be expected. The hallways, though, need major attention. The paint is peeling from the doors, and the carpet is dirty and coming up on nearly every floor I've seen. In addition, the hallways are STIFLING. It doesn't matter what time of year, the hallways are always extremely hot. Other than that, though, my complaints are rare. For the price and the location, you",4
8309, December 2016,Great Location,"This Hotel is awesome for the price. Easy access to Timesquare. Small room but for the price and location you can't go wrong. We love the location. Walking distance from timesquare, central park, restaurants and iconic sites. Room was clean. Again Location is prime, you want to soak the Manhattan vibe.",5
8310, February 2017,Very good place,"Wonderful place near Port Authority, Times Square, Metro, Bus, Central Park, etc Small rooms, just to sleep and take a bath. There are many launch, diner and breakfast places around. Fair pricing for NYC.",4
8311, February 2017,below expectations,"I stayed in the Row in October 2014 in a regular room which was 40% bigger and much nicer than the Superior room I had this time around. Mgr Clive and attendant Brisbaine were very nice and efficient a few minutes upon my arrival in getting me into a superior room, after the lady who checked me in, had mistankenly sent me to a depressing, tiny 943 room. Unfortunately, in 2014 the Row was beyond expectations; now, below expectations. It is clean, though they never changed my sheets in 5 days, and very conveniently located.",3
8312, February 2017,ROW NYC - Location and Modern looking,"Loved the location of ROW NYC based on our theater soirees. Friendliness, professionalism and helpfulness of staff, especially concierge made this vacation more pleasurable and stress -free to navigate around city.",4
8313, March 2017,Didn't want to close blinds as the view was stunning from our window.,Room very clean and bed very comfortable. Just around the corner from Times Square. Would stay here again. Staff very friendly and helpful. We had breakfast in a few places but the bar area in the Row was reasonable and fresh with lovely coffee.,4
8314, February 2017,Fabulous location!,"Hotel is in the perfect location to wander experience midtown manhattan and central park, and has great links to the rest of NYC. Hotel is busy but doesnt falter on staff service or attention to detail. Sleep quality was poor here, however, i think that This would possibly be the experience in most hotels in NYC, as it is such a noisy, vibrant city. Would reccommend the stay at ROW NYC to all based on accessibility and location.",4
8315, March 2017,Ideal place to stay,"Great location, very friendly staff, concierge genuinely helpful. Room clean, small & compact but it served its purpose. Good facilities. At times the lobby could get busy & chaotic but this was when people were checking in & out. 24hr food & drink available outside of hotel. Never ate in restaurant so cannot comment.",5
8316, February 2017,Pros and cons,"The location is fantastic. The shower in the bathroom would take 5-10 mins to heat up and then the water temp would fluctuate between scalding hot and freezing randomly throughout the shower. Also the only way to ventilate the bathroom is to open the window. Showering and getting ready with the window open in February? You guessed it, now I'm sick. Also, very thin walls. Had a corner room and heard doors slamming, people next door, etc.",3
8317, January 2017,Overnight at the Row Hotel,"Staff excellent, lost my wallet and did not realise it until brought back by member of staff, nice to know honesty and integrity is still alive, thank you Jonathan and to Paris restored my faith in human nature, thank you, without this I could have had a very different holiday experience on the cruise that followed as my credit card was in the wallet",4
8318, March 2017,Lobby bar has the best service I've ever had!,"Josie was attentive, friendly and overall a great bartender to have around. He was quick and efficient, and I noticed he made sure to take care of each customer with the same welcomong hospitality. My drinks were delivered flawlessly, and I loved the ambiance of a chill bar in the heart of Times Square!",5
8319, March 2017,Great bar staff,Josie is an awesome bartender! You must stop in to see him! We have stayed here twice now and probably will be hard pressed to find a better hotel. This place is perfectly located--close to Times Square and the old Hellas Kitchen.,5
8320, March 2017,Row NYC,Very good stay. First time in New York and really enjoyed the hotel and City. Brilliant location and would definitely recommend Ricks Pizza and Juniors . Time square is only a short walk. Ground Zero is very poignant and worth a visit whilst down near the Statue of Liberty,5
8321, February 2017,Row Hotel NYC,"First stayed in this hotel 6 years ago, it's been nicely refurbished since and it's in a great location, midway between Times Square and the Port Authority bus terminal, also right in the heart of the theatre district, recommended.",4
8322, March 2017,"Modern, cute, convenient!","Very modern, NYC hotel. Clean and cute rooms. Check in process took some time but was very thorough. German Romero at the desk was extremely helpful though! Location is very convenient to the Broadway theatres. Loved the style and cleanliness of everything! Beds were extremely comfortable. Water pressure wasn't great in the shower but nothing worse than any other hotel.",5
8323, March 2017,NYC,"Good location to spend few days in NYC , room was spacious with great view, friendly professionnal staff and cool bartenders : don't miss Jose and Raphaël .. they will welcome you with good drinks !! highly recommend a stay at ROW NYC.",5
8324, February 2017,The Row Nyc,People please only stay here if you are in transit for one night . It is not the typical vacation spot. Very very busy . Rooms are super small and congested. Staff seemed very over whelmed at check in .,1
8325, March 2017,Would not stay again,"Would definitely not stay here again but I guess you pay for what you get. Cheap dumpy hotel for tourists only. Hotel was loud, front desk staff unfriendly, had to exchange room key two different times.",2
8326, February 2017,Central to the City,Check in took over an hour and we got in at midnight after traveling for 24 hours. Air conditioner super loud and kept us awake. Rooms very small but tidy. Great location within walking distance to everything.,3
8327, February 2017,Not so great.,"I was given incorrect information when booking. Thus, when I arrived there was no room reserved for me at the hotel as my reservation wasn't correct. It was 3am. I'm a single female traveler in NYC with a 9am meeting. I explained this to the front desk and they weren't helpful. I asked the front desk for options and they suggested the $300/night hotel across the street. They pretty much turned me away without any real solution. Just a shoulder shrug. Steven the concierge was kind and helped me with my bags. I'd suggest not relying on the 1800 number for booking assistance. Also, beware of the $55 facilities fee.",1
8328, February 2017,Row NYC - 1st Class,"First time in Row NYC. Found it an excellent hotel, from check in right the way through to leaving. Rooms were clean and tidy, everything appears to run with a minimum of fuss and location wise I don't think you could get much better in NY. Will definitely use again.",5
8329, March 2017,Wolf,Excellent location. Food easily accesible. Near port of authority. Internet very good But however need to improved on reception.short of staff. Always long queue.for Guest to check in or to check out Tq,4
8330, February 2017,Good location but poor hotel,"Check was quick and polite the only good point. The room was very basic and shabby. The noise from the subway was very load and continued through the night, I had to sleep with ear plugs the first two nights it was that bad until I got used to the noise. Towels reduced during our stay until the final night. Very annoying when you are asked to show your room key every night after 6pm no reason given if it's to keep riff riff out why just after 6? Coffee in the bar was cold and drinks poor and pricey. Location was good for central attractions but that's the good point.",2
8331, March 2017,trendy and awesome,"Perfect location to just about everything. Room was beyond clean, and the most comfortable beds, and pillows. I have stayed in many hotels in New York, and this one is by far a favorite. The bar in the hotel was the perfect place to wind down a fun day in the city.",5
8332, February 2017,location,"Very good price, port authority at 200 m, is excellent who came with bags by bus from the newark airport, and others. near from many tourist points. Variety of foods at any time. Checkout is great, you don´t miss any time.",4
8333, February 2017,A few days in NYC,"Have stayed at Row NYC before. Good value and very pleasant staff. Great location. Used the concierge service. He was pleasant and efficient. We come to NYC several times a year to see shows, and most of the time when we stay over, it is at Row.",4
8334, February 2017,Okay if you get a good price,This hotel is nice for a average price in the location in the city... it's very close to everything and was convenient. The downsides that I found was that the checkin could have been smoother. There are long lines and very chaotic. The rooms are not very spacious but that's to be expected for the area. Although not big the room was clean... and the our stay and checkout was smooth,3
8335, February 2017,Yet another brilliant stay @ Row NYC,"Just returned back from the ROW NYC, another fantastic stay at this Hotel we had a double double room booked and we ended up with a superior room can't fault them. Check in was a breeze a que as anticipated as it was lunch time but nevertheless a breeze polite staff checking us in. Room ready so it was a case of dropping our bags and going out. Lovely big bathroom and plenty of room in our room for 4 adults can't fault and definitely will stay again. Thank you Row for a memorable visits again.",5
8336, February 2017,Special Birthday and first time visit,"Great location to everything, very busy Hotel with mixed age range staying at Hotel. Breakfast facilities could be better, very limited choice. Staff very friendly and helpful, especially Cristina S on reception",4
8337, February 2017,Rooms for the masses,Very small rooms. The bed was extremely comfortable. Building work going on next door was very noisy even at night. I found it very impersonal. Great location for sightseeing. Well priced. Most unfriendly place I ever stayed.,2
8338, February 2017,Needs more,"Needs hair dryer,refrigerator,bath, no ice machine on the floor.if Ur going to stay a day or two this would be for U. But if Ur going to stay longer I wouldn't. Rooms are really tight, bathroom looks a little old paint chipping off the ceiling.",3
8339, February 2017,Night in NYC,"I've stayed in 5 star and 3 star NY hotels, so can compare well - and Row wasn't a pleasant experience. Check in was a disaster, nearly an hour waiting to check in. Only two receptionists, after one decided to go on an apparent break with no cover, with the remaining two without a care in the world for those in line. The queue was badly managed with people jumping, making for a tense environment, so not the best first impression. The receptionists knew this as well, and carried on checking in the queue jumpers regardless, leaving a real bitter taste. Yes the hotel is cheap. But you still expect the basics to be managed correctly. After an hour in the lobby queueing we finally arrived on the 4th floor. The smell throughout the corridor was horrible. Rather surprised as",2
8340, February 2017,NYC short break.,"We stayed for 5 nights. This hotel is in a great location. Close to Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, and pretty much walking distance to most of the main attractions (Rockefeller, Empire State Building). 5 stars for location! It's a very busy hotel! We had a smooth check-in but noticed big lines most days at the reception. Our room was tiny, a view of a brick wall from our window which was a real disappointment, and very noisy. The noise was from other guests (paper thin walls), and ?? The air conditioner. We couldn't work out what the constant buzzing noise was. We didn't sleep much at all during our stay. No tea and coffee facilities in the room and they have a water bag system whereby you get a bag supplied and you fill it up from a water machine. Our nearest was on",3
8341, March 2017,Great location. Nice Hotel.,Very nice hotel at Times Square. Great value for the money. Late checkout (noon). Cute room. loved everything about it. On a busy street but you could barely hear it. Would definitely stay here again!,5
8342, March 2017,Not what I expected....... Beware of extra 'facility' charges!,Checked in after a long queue of people tired from a longhaul... Friendly guy who convinced us he was doing us a favour by giving us a great room.. We booked deluxe so no favour done. Slipped in a 145.00 dollar facilities charge passing it off as taxes (booked through booking.com foolishly thought all inclusive). Got to room deluxe not what I would use to describe. I get Nyc and understand rooms are not huge but seriously! Also tired and a bit fusty. Bathroom the smallest I have ever seen! It's great for the young maybe I just misjudged but don't be fooled by the 4 star rating! Shan't be staying here again. Also just ripped off in bar 20 dollars for 2 small glasses of beer! Must be getting old!,2
8343, February 2017,Rip off at The Row,"Although the location was ideal for us,that was all I can say positively about the hotel. Expect to be charged $30 per person for internet/telephone calls. We didn't require any of this but was charged anyway. I requested a room with a view and was charged nearly $90 for 3 nights to have a view of the rear of the hotel. On leaving they presented me with a total bill for $164. I never used anything from the hotel and this was purely the upgrade and the $30 each plus city taxes. Pay the extra to stay somewhere else and don't be ripped off by this hotel. On complaining I was told I did receive an upgrade as I'd only booked a twin and the upgrade got me two doubles. We were happy with the twin beds. The whole point of the upgrade was to be able to enjoy the city skyline. I was told",1
8344, February 2017,Zac Hotel Reception,Thank you Zac for being friendly and very helpful when I checked in on 28 Feb. My room was very clean and comfortable and the housekeeping staff smiled and acknowledged me whenever I passed by. The hotel location is fantastic. Right in the heart of the restaurant and theatre district.,4
8345, February 2017,Staying in Row NYC,"I think Row NYC is in an ideal location, being a block away from Times Square, but also being close to many restaurants, cafes and bars, the choice is amazing. The hotel itself is very modern, with a great elevator system, a nice lively feel and the staff are very hospitable and welcoming. My only issues were the rooms were too small, I was staying with my parents and three people in a tiny room was quite difficult. Also, there was a fan outside the window that kept going off every few minutes and was noisy when trying to sleep. Also I wish the rooms had a kettle for teas or coffees but overall I am happy with the stay and one hotel I'd recommend.",4
8346, March 2017,Okay,"I liked the location. Also it was an easy hotel to navigate. Also some practical stuff was good like the ease with the Internet, elevator etc. Good food restaurant setup for a single women travelling alone",4
8347, February 2017,Bad stay,"Rooms very small, dirty, needs paint job, shades broken, walls with handprints, mold on ceiling. Elevators very tiny and slow. Lobby always had lots of people. Check out very slow. Checking bags very slow.",1
8348, February 2017,Excellent Clean Hotel,"Excellent hotel, very clean, comfy bed, excellent location, friendly staff. Would definitely recommend hotel. Only a short walk to Time Square. Good wifi and computers to use to print boarding passes off.",5
8349, February 2017,Great location and reasonably priced,"I liked the hotel's central location, very reasonably priced, available water stations on alternating floors, and wealth of breakfast and dining options in the on premise mezzanine food court. Reminded me of the modestly sized and priced hotels around Europe.",4
8350, February 2017,Great stay.,Fantastic stay in an absolutely amazing location. Room quality was great although a disappointing view of a brick wall and netting. Staff were friendly and eager to help with any questions and quick to answer them.,5
8351, February 2017,"Location, Location, Location","The ROW was an excellent place to stay for first timers in New York.. It is right in the hub of everything a first timer needs to see. The rooms were smaller than I expected, but the bed was very comfortable and I did not intend to spend my time in the City in my room. The rooms were clean and contained everything I needed. The elevators were set up to minimize your time in them, very efficient. Very tight security getting to your room, and I appreciated that.",4
8352, February 2017,Row hotel,"Arrived at the hotel and the lobby and fasts looked great. Got to our room on the 25th floor which is terrible. It's absolutely tiny, the two of us can't move around at the same time. There is no space to put our clothes and bags etc. No tea or coffee making facilities and the room is very run down and dirty. At the beginning of our trip it was comfortable temperature but as the days went on and it got colder outside the room also became freezing. We paid for a superior delux double and if the room we have is one of those I would hate to stay in a standard double. On the back of the door you can see all the rooms as part of the fire evacuation plan. We got the smallest room on the whole floor. The lifts take ages to get to your floor and if there are too many people using them",2
8353, February 2017,Great location,If you will have a short stop in New York the hotels does not dissapoint due to its great location. Although the hotel is etremely busy and frontdesk service is awful and helpful. Long waiting lines no matter when you are checking in.,3
8354, February 2017,Visit,"The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are a bit small. Love Housekeeping always on point cleaning your rooms. Great location You have Time Square Broadway,Central Park, pennsylvania station, you name it everything is close by. one thing I personally didn't like was the fact they don't provide you with water bottles. I loved the fact the hotel does take precaution at night asking for key cards if you don't have it they don't let you in the elevator. so that's a plus. Overall good place to stay!",5
8355, February 2017,Tracy H,Good Location. Close to everything. Elevator was extremely slow at times. Was not aware that there would be a resort fee. Housekeeping could be improved. Despite a couple of small issues overall experience was good and would recommend others to stay.,4
8356, December 2016,Hope you like TINY rooms at RIP-OFF prices,"We came in mid-Dec. when nyc hotel prices are sky-high. OK, so we paid $450/night for a 3-day weekend. But the room is so tiny with NO AMENITIES it really was a complete rip-off. The hotel is really run-down and is on 8th Ave so not exactly the classiest neighborhood. Sure it's close to the theatres but for these prices there should at least be a coffeepot in the room! No safe either. NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN. AVOID AT ALL COST unless you can get it under $150/night and even then . . .",2
8357, February 2017,"Excellent location.. great food available in the hotel compound, love the doughnuts!!","And the staff are super friendly and helpful, really enjoy my stay The hotel is located very close to Times Square. There's a SHAKE SHACK, just across the street (I LOVEEEEE SHAKE SHACK😋😋😋) Very nice design, good security at the hotel lobby",5
8358, March 2017,Absolutely the worst customer service!,"Impossible to resolve a cancelled reservation due to the inability to reach a representative. We have called multiple times, left numerous messages and not a single response back. Any representative that answers the phone is incredibly rude and either redirects us to a voice mail or states that another person is responsible for resolving the situation and will contact us shortly...which never happens. Through all of the business and personal travel we have done throughout the world this has been the absolute worst customer experience. I assume actually staying at the ROW would be equally disappointing. Don't waste your time or money the ROW is horrible. Don't make a decision you will unfortunately regret. Stick with the go to NYC hotels.",1
8359, February 2017,Amazing location for amazing price,"The room was good sized for the price we paid, and was very clean. The hotel is in a great location and the staff was very polite. Parking was reasonable for driving into the city, but I would definitely travel a different way next time to save $120",5
8360, February 2017,Very nice Hotel,"Very nice Hotel with a lot of movmment Nice employees, very good location near time Square, metro, hells kitchen nice restaurants near the hotel.. Central Park ia just four blocks Way... I definitley recomend it.",4
8361, February 2017,Great location for Broadway,This is a hip hotel with a fantastic location. This is our second successful stay. The rooms are tight but clean. The bed and linens are very comfortable. Expect a tight room and bathroom and enjoy your stay.,4
8362, February 2017,Excellent,"MY STAY HERE WAS LOVELy. This is my second time staying. Every time I come.e this would be my go to hotel. The beds were comfortable, staff friendly. Very convenient to time square 1 block and bus/ train station.",5
8363, February 2017,"Poor staff, average rooms, noisy lifts good location","Facility fee a joke, $200 for our 5 nights. Still tipping for the bags even though that's included in this fee. Don't get put in a room beside the lifts far too noisy. Book the Queen room. Double bed isn't a standard double. Did get moved to a queen room then. Great location for times square and Broadway.",2
8364, February 2017,"Location, location, location ;)",Hotel located just one block away from Times Square. Great starting point for all city tours. We did a lot of sightseeing on foot but if you don't feel like walking you'll find Hop on - hop off buses just in front of the hotel. Helpful staff and good design. A bit more suitable for younger people but you'll feel welcome there for sure.,4
8365, February 2017,Great Hotel - Excellent price and Location,The ROW is the perfect hotel for someone looking for a quality experience at a reasonable price. The room is clean with great water pressure in the shower. The elevator service is quick and the staff is friendly. It is a plus that it is connected to City Kitchen and walking distance from a number of other restaurants and Time Square.,5
8366, December 2016,Hope to stay there again soon,"I stayed here last March when I traveled alone and had 1 of 2 rooms when I was in NY with friends in December. I've read reviews and I can say I've had 2 wonderful stays there in the past year. The staff was friendly the beds were comfortable. Are the rooms huge? No, but you are in the middle of NYC in a great old building that has been redone. I thought the elevators were great and fast. The location is amazing and in December both of our rooms had wonder views towards Times Sq. I am planning another trip in June with friends who've never stayed here and The Row is at the top of my list.",5
8367, February 2017,good location but rude staff,"The Row has done a good job at upgrading the lobby area, but rooms show their age. It is good value for the price, location and bed quality, but rooms are not that clean and the bathrooms need an upgrade. Staff at reception could be a little bit nicer, but the guys at the door were a lot more sympathetic.",3
8368, February 2017,Noise,"There was an annoying continuous noise in the room, repeating clacking of some metal on top which made the stay very uncomfortable, for the rest the hotel was ok according to US standards that I find lower than European ones",3
8369, February 2017,perfect location and room!!!,"I will come back for sure, the room was great and the position was very nice!!! The bed was very very comfortable and my room had a great view on Time Square, a part of time square, but was amazing! thanks",5
8370, February 2017,Excellent,Fantastic location. Staff more than helpful on checking in.. The lady paola customer service skills were fantastic. Clean rooms and beds. Great for couples families or just friends. And most of all not the most expensive. Will definitely be back,5
8371, February 2017,Loved this hotel,"Just returned from a 5 day stay at Row and cannot fault it at all some of the bad reviews are very unfair.we found this hotel excellent it is in a great location and the room was prefect and cleaned everyday,yes the rooms are small but your in new York and not going to spend alot of time in the room.It was our first time in new York and loved every minute of it and will definitely be back to stay In Row again.",5
8372, October 2016,Worst place ever,"Soooo cramped. The worst hotel I've ever stayed in. This place is a joke! Don't be fooled, we thought we paid for a larger room/bed... we got a tiny bed that we could hardly even both fit in (think it was a small double or maybe a king single?) and the walls are pretty much right next to the bed on 3 sides. You will feel so claustrophobic and there is absolutely no where to put your luggage. I had to physically step over my suitcase every day just go get out of bed and god forbid I try and actually open my suitcase in the room. It was honestly horrible and when we complained at the front desk the man said, ""yeah, a lot of people are surprised at how small the rooms actually here. We have nothing else available, but here's vouchers for breakfast tomorrow"". So he happily admitted",1
8373, February 2017,Great Little Hotel 1 Block from Times Square,"If location is important to you, this well-run hotel is in the center of it all, 1 block off of Times Square. The rooms are small, which is typical for NYC. There is no fridge in the room, but there is a small safe. The hotel is clean, although the hallway areas and the rooms are outdated. A little sprucing up will go a long way to make a nice experience and excellent experience. Check in was seamless. Check out was seamless. Although we didn't drive this time, valet service will take care of your car. There are several doormen, which is not only a nice touch, but makes you feel safer. At night, there is a security person checking room keys before you are permitted to use the very efficient elevators. All this plus a very reasonable price. If you don't need high-end",4
8374, January 2017,Great hotel in a great location,"The Row is located in midtown which is a great location for all the tourist attractions, museums, galleries, bars and restaurants that NYC has to offer, Time Square is close by, only a few minutes walk. The Row is a huge hotel and very busy, if you like relaxed and intimate look else where. The Row's lobby, bar and eateries are chaotic, so many people and very loud, however when you're in your room it is very quiet (well as quiet as you're going to get in Manhattan) Rooms are small and rather basic but the beds are big and comfortable and they are spotlessly clean. Rooms have no iron or kettle or any facilities to make tea and coffee but there are plenty of places in the lobby to grab a hot drink. Check in is 4pm and the check out time is 12 noon. Be aware there is a $25 per",4
8375, February 2017,Great central location,"We were concerned before we came due to the mixed reviews, however if you want a 5* hotel then pay the price and book ...the Row was clean with friendly staff and the location was amazing, the main stretch of Times Square is literally on your doorstep...and walking distance to all the sights of New York...check in is very slow but you only have to check in once !!!! The shower was hot,beds comfy and room cleaned daily to a good standard.We just wanted a base to sleep so we could spend our trip exploring NY and the Row provided that. if you want a glam hotel with all the luxuries then book elsewhere....if you want a simple clean hotel to rest your head and shower then I would recommend the Row ....we stayed 5 nights and didn't have any problems",4
8376, February 2017,The perfect hotel for a trip to NYC,"My partner and I stayed at the Row NYC for 4 nights from 17th February. I chose this hotel due to the great price offered for such a fantastic location. I had read that (being 1 street from Times Square) the hotel was quite noisy. The second thing I was expecting was a small room. I had never been to New York before, and from reading various Tripadvisor reviews I gathered that most of the hotels in the centre of the city offer particularly small rooms - but as I wasn't planning to spend much time in my room, I didn't worry. With location being more important for my personal holiday than a stay at a quiet hotel, again I wasn't really too worried about this. We arrived at the Row NYC at gone 11pm. There were only about 5 people in front of us in the queue for check-in, so this",5
8377, February 2017,The Row not good for a Valentines night out,"The looks good on approach but when you hit the lower lobby it littered with refuse of peoples lunch and people off the street hanging out . Checking in is not organized as I was given a link to register online and beat the line, I still had to. Ask questions about the size room and its location",1
8378, February 2017,Horrible,"placed in a room with no view and next to the elevator, could hear it all night... was not told of ridiculous resort/ amenities fee, why would you not just include it in the pricing you scammers. I could here every single guest going by my room, there is absolutely no sound proofing.",1
8379, February 2017,Great location............but,"I had a lovely trip to NY in Feb stayed in Row NYC. Good hotel for what I wanted, great location and comfortable beds. The big downside for me was checking in. There is a big check in area with quite a few desks but when we arrived there were 2 staff members behind the desk and one of them was dealing with people who had arrived early to check in. This meant that the check in process was over 40 mins. I also wasn't impressed with the approx £25 charge for use of the facilities (wifi, gym, etc)........which I didn't use.",3
8380, February 2017,Very happy with service,"Since my arrival, everybody was very nice and helpful. Douglas helped me at check in. The hotel lobby gets very packed at some times of the day... I don't understand why, but the rooms are quiet and nice.",4
8381, February 2017,Dirty,Our room was dirty and extremely hot. They had someone come look at it and work on it- creating more dust. Told there were no more rooms available which was a lie- eventually spoke to a manager and got a new room.,3
8382, January 2017,Perfect Hotel!,"I was a bit unsure what to expect after reading some reviews of this hotel, as there was a mix of good and bad! But personally this hotel was absolutely fantastic! The location is perfect (right next to Times Square and close to the majority of Broadway theatres!) The hotel itself is very modern with classy décor. Upon arrival was were pointed to the elevators to get our cases up to the check in desk, however one downside was that when we got to the check in desk, the queue was huge and it didn't get resolved very quick at all - there was one member of staff checking the queue in for about 25 minutes before someone came to help her and even then we were stood waiting for another 25 minutes - this process took almost a full hour to complete... When we finally got to the desk",5
8383, February 2017,Another visit to row:),I always love relaxing at the bar after a long work day when I'm in NYC. Rafael is the best! Always great service and he is so friendly:) I love the atmosphere and it's really cool when there's a live dj.,5
8384, February 2017,Central NYC hotel,Extremely well located within easy walking distance of loads of iconic sights. Bed really comfy and great shower. Very expensive bar prices but coffee and croissant not too badly priced fr early start.,3
8385, February 2017,Row NYC!,"Absolutey amazing location, round the corner from Times Square! Clean and lobby area lovely! So many bars and restaurants close by. Would deffo recommend Irish bar over the road lovely food and good price.",4
8386, October 2016,Won't stay again even with their cheap(er) pricing,"Nothing about this hotel met expectations. The staff was extremely rude and unhelpful, not to mention I heard a few talk about guests behind their back. I was locked out of my room and my friend wouldn't wake up...I went down to the front desk to see if they could assist me but they informed me that there was absolutely nothing they could do. They told me that my only option was to wake him up, however I had already tried calling at least 20 times. I wound up kicking the door repeatedly to wake him up...woke up half the hall during the process. The entire floor reeked of weed two days in a row...the hotel did nothing about this and offered zero compensation. The rooms were smaller than expected with an awkward bathroom door and our view was non-existent. This property is in a",1
8387, February 2017,"Clean, Comfortable, Compact","Stayed here for a three night stay in February. First time in New York so didn't know what to expect - comparing to hotels at home. Room was very compact but was clean and comfortable. Room comprised of double bed, wardrobe, desk and two bedside cabinets. Bathroom very compact also with shower, toilet and wash-hand basin. Poor view from room but as said we only used hotel for sleeping. Friendly staff.",4
8388, February 2017,Good location but small rooms,Busy hotel close to Times square. Very good location but small rooms and small bathroom. A bit noise from the street. Good Internet connection. Quick and easy checkout. Still relatively expensive for what you get.,3
8389, February 2017,Row NYC,"Check in staff are unfriendly, the rooms were very small and unclean, towels were not changed all week and I could write my name in the dust by the end of the week. The only thing going for this hotel is the location .",2
8390, February 2017,Price vs Benefits,"My room was clean, with a great city view. The hotel food court is very good with very reasenable prices. That is my second time at ROW and I really have no reason to change it. It cames first when I check availabilty in NYC.",4
8391, January 2017,Great location,Disappointed on first arriving at night. Seemed a dark and dingy hotel. Room was unclean the first night but the second looked like it had been hoovered.Beds comfy. The hotel is situated right on Broadway so it's location couldn't be better. Ok for the length of time you are in there. Expect lots of noise.,3
8392, February 2017,Central and comfortable,"This hotel came a part of a travel package, so we did not choose it. However, we were not disappointed. Our room was upgraded and we were given free telephone calls, national and international, just what we wanted to keep our family posted about the trip. Check-in can be slow, as there does not seem to be enough staff for the formalities needed. Eating at the hotel is not cheap, but there are lots of other opportunities nearby, e.g. the Food emporium on the corner of 49th.",4
8393, February 2017,Hotel ny review,"Fantastic location. Could walk to Broadway theatres. Times Square etc. Very comfortable bed. We were on 17th floor, far enough away from street level to sleep really well. Also had a great view down to river and could see blue sky from my bed which was a nice change from the usual view of walls and other night buildings. We found a proper old style diner a block away. I think it was called 'Westway' they do fantastic breakfast for <$15. Only complaint about hotel was very long queue and wait for check-in when we arrived. Probably 40mins+.",4
8394, February 2017,Birthday celebration,"Great location. Nice hotel clean hotel rooms. Elevator service was a bit slow at times but was manageable. Lobby bar was very good and a great place to have a drink. ""Resort fee"" was a bit expensive given that most people would not be using all of the services.",4
8395, February 2017,Great Stay,"We had an excellent experience. The hotel is located perfectly within walking distance of many exciting activities/landmarks. The food selections are great as well, with District M AND the addition of the City Kitchen right next door. I was shocked at how little outside noise I heard from my room, which was also quite nice. This was the 2nd time I have stayed at Row NYC and if I return to New York, I will definitely stay again!",5
8396, February 2017,not too good experience,"The only good thing about the hotel is the location. But it is also very noisy. The bed and the pillow are too soft. The hotel charges an abusive fee called facility fee, which is no good. The plugs do not work, the water source did not have on our floor. The air conditioner was very noisy and did not work properly. The price of the hotel is up to good, but with the extra charge they charge then it is not worth staying there as it ends up getting the same price as other very better hotels.",2
8397, February 2017,Great stay,"Stayed for 4 days .Great hotel for the money free wifi helpful staff, right around the corner from Times Square. great view from the room ,we had comfortable beds 2 doubles, clean bathroom, Would recommend.",5
8398, February 2017,Perfect 👌🏽,What a great hotel - the location is second to none! The room we stayed in was quite spacious and very clean. The staff were very friendly. 100% staying here again when we come back to NYC. We can't recommend this hotel any higher 😃,5
8399, February 2017,Great location and fab hotel,"We booked a cruise and stayed here for 3 nights. Reception staff pleasant and helpful. Room was lovely, very clean and bed really comfy. There was no coffeemaker although we did get a complimentary collapsible water bottle. We did not eat in the hotel after buying 2 small beers costing $17! There are plenty of restaurants nearby and wven a McDonalds. Wifi was covered by the daily resort tax of $22 and also phone calls. I would definately stay here again due to the great location - 5 minutes from Times Square and the clean room",4
8400, February 2017,"Rooms are tired and bathrooms not good, nor what I would expect in USA",Food was not good and was expensive. The hotel served its purpose but I expected better from the US and a 3 1/2 star rated hotel...... it was very busy but a refresh is very overdue across the hotel..,2
8401, February 2017,good experience,hotel staff at check in are friendly and helpful especially Zac who assistant us with enquires... rooms are very very small and walls are beyond thin especially when you can hear your neighbours at 1am going for gold in the bed.... the lobby has a beautiful smell!,4
8402, February 2017,Maine,"We were very unhappy with our stay. The hotel was understaffed thus we had to wait in long lines and it took about 8-10 minutes at registration per transaction to check in. The rooms were very small, slightly updated for an old building but not the cleanest. The bed was very low to the floor and extremely uncomfortable and the pillows were flat. My boyfriend and I both woke with a stiff neck and back ache.",2
8403, February 2017,great people,"Raina in the lobby bar made my trip! She was helpful, fun, and adorable. I would stay at ROW just because of her! The hotel has the ""flavor"" of New York but all the newer amenities. Hard to beat the location as well. Again, Raina is a gem and a true asset to your operation!",5
8404, February 2017,The location makes this place worth it,"A few pros and cons here. The pros are that the location is very good on 8th Avenue, you are just a 2 minute walk from Times Square and the transport links to the hotel are brilliant. Many restaurants, shops and theatres are located very close by. The WiFi is fast once connected, but everytime you leave for the day and return at night you have to reconnect. The hotel is extremely clean and towels replaced every day. The cons... Check in was a nightmare. We had a trainee who was very nice and helpful but her supervisor was extremely intimidating. We only had to pay the facilities fee as we had already purchased our room and taxes but they would not let us pay by cash, card only. But with an option to pay by cash at the end of the stay... this was not something advertised on",3
8405, February 2017,Hidden extras,"The hotel is situated just off time square which is an ideal place. The rooms were clean and tidy and well sized. The bathrooms are just a tad small but who stays in there for long! It gets very busy for the lifts to the floors which at times are frustrating. When we checked in we were not told about the extra charges which they call facility charges ,on our last day a invoice was placed under the door my card had already been charged. Maybe they need to make a point about this before you book or even check in. Apart from that a very enjoyable stay.",4
8406, February 2017,"Awesome, we love it..","Excellent service, the hotel is great We love the view of our room. The check in and check out was great. The hotel is in the perfect location, near to Time Square and other beautiful locations. We recommend.",5
8407, February 2017,Weekend in nyc,Our holiday started disastrously not due to the hotel but the holiday company we booked with booking is the wrong type of rooms. The hotel itself was pretty much in a perfect position for sightseeing and being the tourists we were that weekend but the rooms we had were very small. The queue for checking in took forever but the receptionist was super helpful and himself and manager tried to sort our problem but with it being presidents weekend we had to make do with what we had. The rooms were funky with good vegan friendly toiletries which was perfect for my friend. The hotel happily changed over the room for a vegan friendly room with no feathers in site. All in all we had a good weekend when we got over the initial disappointment.,3
8408, February 2017,"Lovely location, rooms could be cleaner !","We stayed here for 1 night last weekend. The location is fantastic. The check in was super fast. The room was dirty. The blinds were broken, so we woke up early next day as the sunlight was brightening the room. There was chipped dry wall flakes all over the AC unit. The windows were very dirty. there was considerable dust under the sink with the hand towels.",3
8409, February 2017,Excellent stay,"Very enjoyable stay, with great location and very helpful and friendly staff, the bar was very nice and relaxing with a great atmosphere with live music on certain nights. Location was excellent with 5 mins walk to Times Square. Would highly recommend it and would stay again.",5
8410, February 2017,Second Stay at ROW NYC,Friendly staff. Great location. Nice hotel. I stayed at ROW NYC with some friends a couple years ago. We liked it so much that I didn't consider staying anywhere else this time around. I went with my bf and he liked it as much as I do. My only complaint is that the rooms are small.,4
8411, February 2017,Great Overnight,"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night. The price was very affordable and the food court on the main level was a nice added bonus we weren't aware of when we booked! We were able to check in early from the kiosk, no waiting in line! Multiple parking garages within a block was very helpful. Overall a great stay.",5
8412, February 2017,Excellent location but VERY noisy,"Just few minutes walk from Times square. Took a long time to check in, a lot of noise coming from halls - seems that there is no noise isolation at all... Good wifi and otherwise quite an average OK hotel.",3
8413, February 2017,Very bad,"It look like à Youth hostel with lot of noise and not very clean we reserved a ada permium room and the room was not ada and very litle, there was 30$ of fees everything day to pay it was a very bad expériences",1
8414, February 2017,Great location,Want a fun hotel in a great location this is your place. Easy to walk to Times Square. Fun bars across the street. Friendly staff. Check in line was a little long so try and use their online check in and out. This was my 4th stay here. Love it. Pay extra for a corner room on a top floor for great views of the city.,4
8415, February 2017,Excellent,"Very nice, good location. Nice staff and food was lovely! Place was very clean and could not fault the hotel at all. Very helpful and always there too help! Cleaners always nice and kind and very helpful",5
8416, February 2017,great experience,Older hotel but well kept-- very close to Times Square and subway station. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Reasonably priced and great eating options located on site. Although the rooms were small this is typical of popular destionations-,5
8417, February 2017,An awsome place to stay,"We always chose this hotel when in NYC. It has a great location, nice design and really helpful employees. We rented a deluxe city view room last time we were there (for the first time the budget allowed it). Once in the room, we noticed that someone had been in the room after the clean up had been made (ex: the place was clean, but a bottle of water was opened and shampoos had been used). We called the staff and they asked us to get downstairs and come to the guest service desk. We were instantly relocated and the staff was awesome. We really appreciated the service. Though parking is available on site, PLEASE NOTE that more than parking is available nearby (2 min walk) and that it is always 50% cheaper than the hotel. We did not chose the options with breakfast included as it",5
8418, February 2017,Great location,Great hotel not the largest of rooms however clean and tidy. Fantastic location near Times Square and madison square gardens. Madam tussauds ripleys. Walkable distance to Macy's and Empire State Building. Would stay again,4
8419, February 2017,"Good location, sneaky with fees",Very close to Times Square. Friendly staff. Funky hotel. Sneaky with facility fees - added a further £120 to my bill even though I knew nothing about them and used none of the facilities - very unfair!,3
8420, February 2017,Great stay at Row NYC,"Just returned from a 3 night stay at The Row. As others have stated, great location for tourists near all the hustle and bustle of Times Square. You can walk almost anywhere up to Madison, 5th Avenue etc. We had a room with two double beds which were cosy and clean. Maid service was great. Only little negative thing we experienced was the long check in process and queue. It's a busy hotel with a young crowd but the staff are very good and a shout out to Gerard the concierge who helped us get a last minute table at Tao. The city kitchen next door to hotel is great for a quick bite, the Mexican option was delicious. If you are a pizza lover, we went to a nearby restaurant called Don Antonios. All in all I would highly recommend the Row when in NYC .",4
8421, February 2017,birthday trip,great location but our room had no view and a generator going all night so made for a slightly bad night sleep staff were good the hotel is in the best location for everything i would recomend the row for a base to explore new york,4
8422, February 2017,Don't forget your wedding ring in the room!,"Stayed Feb. 17 &18 Location was great. Room was very clean. Did not have a room with a view and it was very quiet. $50.00 City charge or hotel fee is ridiculous. Took off my wedding ring to lotion my hands and forgot to put it on Saturday morn, Returned to room at 3pm and ring was gone! reported to security and they said they would look into it and call me before I check out! It has been a week now and no results. when I reported this to the staff, He said ""your the third person to tell me something was missing today"" REALLY! Stayed in a lot of hotels in 36 years of marriage and never had this happen before!",3
8423, February 2017,Averag score for an average Hotel.,Location. Is great is right in the middle of all Time Square attractions. But the service is not the best. I tried to call guess services for an Issue and they never answer the phone. Took them over 30 min to bring my luggage up. I think this Hotel is understaffed so that's why they give average service.,3
8424, February 2017,Excellent location,"I visit New York last week and my hotel was ROW NY, was a fantastic experience, averething is near the hotel, the location is fantastic, the hotel is very good, everything work good, I recomend for everybody!!",4
8425, February 2017,Ok but not as good as a travel lodge,"Location is the best thing. Reception was always busy and under staffed. Room was dusty, with ripped wallpaper, furniture falling apart and mould in bathroom. Bed was comfy and that was main thing as not in it long. Facilities fee is a rip off. But you get what you pay for in NYC. A kettle would have been nice. Even Travelodge has those. Did email to ask for 3 rooms together. Was told that 1 floor apart in this city was pretty close ""honey"" !!!!!!!!!",3
8426, February 2017,Old & dirty,"Our Roon was in forth floor, very noisy street! Filthy room, gross bathroom, not cleaned well. Corners need vacuuming, curtains need cleaning. Beds comfy. Spacious. Safe fir valuables. Only 2 cups. Yuk!",1
8427, February 2017,Row NYC,"It was quicker to get off the plane, though immigration, customs and bag collection than it was to check into the hotel, leaving bags at the end of your stay is free, until the staff charge $5 per bag",1
8428, February 2017,Rundown rooms,"Damp in the bathroom, flaking paint on the walls, noisy due to air conditioning blowing outside and in 24 hours a day. Bathroom very small, no information about the hotel in the room such as bar menu, attractions to see, places to eat st d, and prices of bar drinks which were very expensive. No details of facilities in the hotel.",3
8429, February 2017,Trip,"Stayed here for 5 nights , first room terrible , got it sorted , and we were moved to better room . Staff very unhelpful on arrival , don't need that after long flight !!!! Patrick sorted it the following day",4
8430, February 2017,Satisfactory stay!,Spent the last 5 nights with the Row Hotel and had a great time! Rooms are a bit on the small side but we were only using it as a base to come and go anyways- main thing is they were clean and fresh! The hotel is based in a fantastic location just right around the corner from Times Square in the heart of the city and The staff were more than good!,4
8431, February 2017,Not happy!!!!,"My boyfriend and I have stayed here before and loved it. Room was small last time so we decided to upgrade our room and I regret every second of it. The room was on the 3rd floor and the view was the vents/roof from bottom floors and very dark and dreary. The shades weren't even able to go up, not that it would have made a difference in the light in the room. Then we realized quite quickly the vent outside the window made very loud noises every hour or so. I went down to the front desk where I explained I upgraded our room and that this was no upgrade. I was told they overbooked the entire hotel and there was nothing they could do until the next day. I was not pleased. Then we settled in and I took a shower in which case the shower leaked down the entire bathroom. The lip for",1
8432, February 2017,A let down,Room next to elevator sounded like a freeway was running through the room. Rooms were old and in need of freshening up. No minibar. When we called the reception to help out with noisy neighbours they didn't come. The WiFi was not included in the rooms cost. Not much positive to say about the hotel.,2
8433, February 2017,I know they can do better!,"This was my second stay at this hotel, since I loved it so much first time. Unfortunately this stay will make me have another look next time I´ll visit NYC. The location is perfect. It´s close to Time Square, close to the Bus Station at 42nd Street (bus directly from JFK and Newark), Subway at 42nd. Close to good places to eat - try Shake Shack just cross the street. But also try food market at hotel/next door. There you can try different meals. Great for breakfast. When we arrived there was no cue at the check in desk, good for us. So they found my reservation quick and I kindly asked if there was a possibility to have a big room as possible (we were three persons). And the one in reception would see what he could do. I had booked a two double bed with street view. We got room",3
8434, February 2017,Row NYC Hotel,"Great location, I enjoyed my stay but did't like extra expanses that I wasn't told about before I came. Employees were polite and professional. Rooms was clean but walls are thin and u can hear everything from hallways.",4
8435, February 2017,Grown Up Family Trip to NYC,"Location of this hotel can't be beaten, it is perfect. The rooms were clean and well kept - food offerings on site were good and not over priced. Staff were pleasant and polite - especially the porter staff, they were great. Only downside was check in - it was a shambles - waited in line for over 40 minutes to check in while staff behind the desk appeared to be chatting to each other, another nasty surprise was the ""Resort Fee"" $20 odd per day per room, you had to look hard at the small print to find it on the booking documents. A very poor first impression, but all things considered, we would definitely visit again though - for the location and comfort of the rooms.",4
8436, February 2017,nyc 2017,overall view love this hotel very central to everything and staff very friendly second time staying here and will most defiantly return. already planning mu next visit. staff were very friendly always happy to help,5
8437, February 2017,Row NYC,"I stayed here on a school trip. I roomed with 3 other people. The beds were kind of small, the shower had mold in it and the room was quite dusty. The elevators took a while. Though the location was perfect for us and the view out our window was a great way to wake up in the morning.",3
8438, February 2017,Great location,"Good hotel for the value with a great location bar and restarount. Only one negative thing was about city noise in the nights. Rooms was not so large as always in NY, but clean and had everything you needed.",4
8439, February 2017,Great Service,"The front desk staff is awesome. Special thank you to Douglas at the front desk who made the check process seamless- he was friendly, personable, and helpful he helped make our stay as enjoyable as possible. The hotel is also in a great location which is a plus. The only reason for 4 stars is because the resort fee is rip off and unnecessary other than that everything is great.",4
8440, February 2017,Poor attention to customers. TOTALLY NEGLECTED,"Staff flirted with guests and ignored the 30person line. Not even exaggerating about the size of the line. I've had my company book us here for the past few years due to the great price. But honestly when you have to wait in a 20-30 person line to pay for your valet, to check in and if you have any questions, good luck. The staff is very rude, unless you are a hot chic. Then the male staff take the time to make sure they flirt and ignore everyone else.",2
8441, February 2017,Brilliant location !,Best holiday ! Stayed for 5 nights and the location is great for being amongst it all ! We were given water bottles when we checked in as there are water stations you can use .. this was great to take with us for a big day Out in the city ! Rooms cleaned/tidy every day. Amazing experience and would return again !,4
8442, February 2017,First time nyc,"Recently visited with my husband, this was our very first trip to NYC. Arrived at hotel to a fairly large (slow moving) check in queue. We were given our room key and asked for a card to pay the ridiculous facilities fee, we were aware of that before we booked. Lifts are horrendous we waited a couple of times for up to 20 mins but being on a very high floor the stairs would've been impossible. The room was basic but ideal sized for what we needed, it wasn't the cleanest room I've ever stayed in if I'm honest but it also wasn't the worst, could be improved! We had a view of a brick wall of the next building but to be honest we weren't there to sit In the room and look out the window we wanted to be out and about. Quiet hotel at night couldn't hear much from the road outside. Air",3
8443, February 2017,Like a prison cell,"The room was extremely tatty unlike the perfect pictures on the website! I was absolutely gutted when I first saw my hotel room as I'd been looking forward to this trip so much. The carpet was not hoovered. There was rubbish behind the bedside drawers. The paint was coming off the furniture. The radiator cover was discusting and hanging off. The was a huge ugly air conditioning unit on the wall which let wind through from outside which was constantly loud. We could also hear the lifts all the time as they were right outside our room. There were only 3 sockets that worked, none of them near a mirror, which every woman will know is highly annoying! We only had a tiny window making it feel alot like a prison cell. It was just a rubbish overpriced tatty hotel! Only good thing was",1
8444, February 2017,Dreadful visit to Row NYC,Horrible visit to Row NYC. Save yourself the bother and stay at the Hotel Edison! The blonde manager was totally rude and turned around to say we were attacking her when we were simply airing a few concerns/complaints. We were sent to a dirty room with an unmade bed first off and then after an initial complaint we were given a room which DEFINATELY did not comply with our upgrade payment! Just totally stay clear! The lobby is fantastic but it's a shame the staff don't understand good customer service/manners and also spend more money on the rooms.,1
8445, February 2017,Never stay here!,"This place is the worst! I waited forever to check in. Really long line. I finally gave up and went to another one nearby and got right in. The Row still charged me. This hotel is the worst!!! Never, ever stay here!",1
8446, February 2017,My visit,"Good value, but a bit like a hostel. Lobby was always jammed with people coming and going, waiting for rooms, waiting for luggage, or just waiting around using the WIFI. Lines for the check-in were little short of problematic, like airport security. Maybe a bad week.",3
8447, February 2017,NYC Feb 2017,"Fantastic Front of house, excellent bar and extremely helpful staff...all these can't be faulted. The rooms were a little basic to be fair and I suppose we expected more. However...we had the time of our life and the hotel and its location added to this. Thank you.",4
8448, February 2017,Location vs Quality,"I did not mind that the room was tiny or that it had a view of walls and windows in the shaft. I did think the bed was Ro low and that the bathroom paint, tile and falling plaster ceiling Rm 923 (in case you want to repair it) was less than what you portray to be a modern hip hotel.",3
8449, February 2017,An Absolute Nightmare,"I wish that it was possible to give a rating with negative stars, as that is what this pathetic excuse for lodging deserves. I would like to preface my review with the fact that I have stayed at bad hotels before, hotels with cockroaches, faulty heating, unmanned front desks, and questionable locations, but I have never before felt compelled to write a negative review. With Row NYC Hotel, the nightmare begins before you arrive. It starts small, so you remain optimistic. You book online, receive the confirmation email, and send a question by email about whether or not rooms' bathrooms have bathtubs. You receive no response but don't worry about it. Then, upon arrival, you notice that the front desk is hard to find and think to yourself, ""Well, things could be worse."" Yes, and",1
8450, February 2017,Great stay in a great location!,"What an amazing experience! We had the best time, and at a really reasonable price. The location is by far the best.. right around the corner from Time Square and within walking distance of so so much.",5
8451, February 2017,Row NYC,Great hotel! Great value! Great location. Staff is very helpful. Entertainment on Thursday evening was also very good and unexpected. Have stayed there before and will continue to stay there. Easy access to all major attractions.,4
8452, February 2017,Excellent staying at Row,"Very good! I love the hotel and the facilities, the cleaning was great too. The only thing is that Sometimes the wifi didn't work properly. Nevertheless, it is a great hotel with a perfect location! ..",4
8453, February 2017,Overpriced,"Expect to pay at least $50 extra a night on what you've booked. Hotel and city taxes are not included in original price. Rooms are quite small, barely enough room to fit 2 large suitcases. However excellent location, 2 minute walk to times square.",2
8454, October 2016,Good Location,"We stayed in the Row NYC in October 2016. I would recommend for Location, it's great however very noisy. Wouldn't recommend the hotel, our door lock was broken, the bathroom wasn't clean and the door wouldn't close. We paid for an upgraded room but weren't given it. The room was small and cramped. The lobby is smart and the ability to print boarding passes was good. Our check in and out was easy, we were aware of the fees which are added on the stay when you get there. We would go back to this area but wouldn't go back to this hotel.",3
8455, February 2017,Great with minor flaws,"Indeed, check-in can be really slow (we waited for 45 minutes after a 10 hours flight just to get informed that our room is not ready yet), but in compensation we got upgraded to a premium room (with a one-million-dollar view) - thank you Douglas! Also, during waiting in the check-in line we experienced a lot of complaints about the ""facility fee"" from other guests - well, in my opinion that's mostly lack of information (or just not reading their bookings correctly); with almost ALL pre-booking agents this fee is NOT included - we knew this and had no ""bad surprise"". During our 5-nights stay the room was always clean, the bed was comfortable and everything worked as intended. The only thing to complain about: if you have a room with a connection door and your neighbors tend to",4
8456, February 2017,Great hotel on the doorstep of Times Square,"Location is perfect as it is on the doorstep of times square and has metro links to the rest of the city within a few blocks, the only downside of this location would have been the noise levels and slight artificial daylight that bleeds from the square. Gym was a tad small but had everything that would have been expected.",5
8457, February 2017,My favorite NYC Hotel!,"Every time I come to NYC and I'm staying in Manhattan I always choose the Row NYC for my stay. I've been staying here for the last 5 years and I'm never disappointed. I always drive when I come to NYC so with the Row being super close to the Lincoln Tunnel is a major plus getting in & out of the city. Valet is on point as usual. The hotel in general is modern, friendly and easy to get around with some great amenities. Having City Kitchen connected to the hotel is awesome for having a great selection of food. I recommend Luke's Lobster! The rooms are not huge, but that's typical in NYC. The rooms are great though. Very clean & comfortable. I would suggest getting one of the Premium Rooms with some of the great NYC views. Then the best thing about the Row is it's location within",5
8458, February 2017,Row NYC-Great,"Overall a great stay, price and location. Friendly and welcoming staff. Received our room early and extra pillows on request. We were told when we checked in that we would be received some special gifts, the Bloomingdale package.Stored our luggage after check out so that we could finish exploring NY.",5
8459, February 2017,Budget hotel you get what you pay for,"Great location!! 5mins walk to time square, no issues with my rooms cleanliness but I did hear others complain. Our rooms was double booked so spent the first night split up but did give us correct rooms next day and waivered the facility fees. Deposit has to be paid on arrival and facility fees on leaving. Over priced 24hr shop and over priced bar. But nyc is over priced.10th floor smells like food, and if you get given a room next to a lift your in for no sleep. My experience overall was good and I would stay again.",4
8460, February 2017,Resort fee is a rip off,When we first arrived the hotel lobby was full of kids who appeared to have simply camped out that night in the lobby. The receptionist who dealt with us was very good and efficient but I am not keen on staff who push their own agenda about getting good marks on Trip Advisor The room we had was overlooking 8th Avenue which was noisy enough but to be expected the air conditioning noise soon drowned that out. The room was about on a par with a British Travelodge and not much more. It was clean and was kept clean by the cleaning staff.,4
8461, February 2017,I quite enjoyed my stay,"This was my first experience at this hotel, and for the stay I was quite impressed. The bathroom looked a bit worn down in places, but was very clean. The receptionists, bartenders, valets and housekeepers were all very nice and helpful. I did call once before my trip and was met with someone who was not all that friendly, but given the time I called it could have simply been stress from the evening rush. Overall I would certainly recommend this hotel and certainly intend on returning.",4
8462, February 2017,Awesome Stay!,"Great place, and great room. Nothing to complain about. Location was in a great spot (right in the theater district). The walking was easy to all the big destinations. Felt completely safe walking around during the day and night, and there were plenty of places to eat right within walking distance!",5
8463, February 2017,Convenient location,"Nice location, near the Times Square and subway station. There is a fee for the ""resort"". Good gym and nearby restaurant. Check in as early as you can to avoid long lines. Friendly staff and very very fast elevator",4
8464, January 2017,Beautiful location,"I stayed at the Row with some work colleagues. Beautiful hotel in the best part of the city. We had a great time at the lobby bar, Raphael took very good care of us :) he made the best drinks. thank you Row NYC",5
8465, February 2017,"Clean rooms, nice service but noisy","The rooms were small and clean, the first room we had was so noisy because we could here the elevators. We asked for another room and the service was nice. The new room was more quiet but with the window open it was still a little noisy and smelly. The location is great! Check in is super late (4pm)",2
8466, February 2017,Great location for a great pfrice,"The hotel is right in the middle of everything, 1 block away from Times Square. The lobby is cool and hip. The staff is very friendly. The room was just what my nephew and I needed for our two day stay in the city. I was disappointed that there were no eco-friendly collapsible water bottles in the room as we were told there would be, there were two plastic cups with a lid, not wrapped so I couldn't be sure if they were for us or left over from previous guests. The cleaning staff is either stretched too thin or doesn't care as there was lots of dust build up all over the room, not from lack of dusting or vacuuming yesterday, but for several weeks. it was warm during our stay and I wanted to put the air on, the unit did not work, luckily the window opened so we cracked that for a",3
8467, February 2017,Never return to that hotel.,Worst of the worst hotel I have ever been in my life and with the price I paid I expected atleast a decent kip. The reception was a tad helpful but she could have done more considering the time of the night we arrived at the hotel,1
8468, February 2017,Overall,"The hotel ""Just"" fits the bill for what I need when I visit the city ............. got the ""the bits of everything for me. ................. The location is great, the area around the time square has something for everyone",5
8469, February 2017,Good location Small room,Location is excellent for Times Square and for getting around the Big Apple. Staff were helpful when asked for help and were very friendly. The downside was paying the facilities fee even if you use NONE of the facilities covered by the charge. Also be aware you have to pay in advance by credit/debit card a 200 dollar breakages charge (50 dollars per night)which is refunable(providing you don't break anything) within 3 working days if paid by credit card or 3 weeks if paid by debit(which we did). Our room was very small for 3 people but as like us just use it for sleeping and showering and you can get by. Our room was on 21st floor and away from lifts so quiet whereas my daughters room was next to lift and they said it was noisy.,3
8470, February 2017,"great city, poor hotel",Appalling room had to be changed after complaining. Processes and procedures put before the customer.Room was upgraded but had to lose the room for a whole day so disrupted our holiday. Not a great start to our daughters 18th birthday present . Rooms need updating and cleaning,3
8471, February 2017,Poor hotel,"Staff are rude, especially the guy at the lobby who takes the cases, rooms are extremely small and you have to wait ages on the lift coming! More like a hostel for school kids than a hotel! Wouldn't recommend hotel",2
8472, February 2017,Very Helpful Service,"I asked the concierge desk for some help navigating the streets and which Broadway show to attend. They were incredibly helpful, and I cannot speak more highly of their service. If anyone stays in New York, I highly recommend staying at The Row.",5
8473, February 2017,So convenient!,"You really can't beat the location for a theater stay! Conveniently located in the heart of mid-town, it a breeze to utilize. Their baggage storage is also great before and after the stay. While the rooms are TINY, they are comfortable and clean. While I'm in Manhattan, I don't spend much time in my room!",4
8474, February 2017,Not satisfied. The bathroom was dirty. The mattres was tooo soft. One mattress was full of spots( not clean).,The bathroom was dirty. Mattresses were much too soft and dirty. There were a lot of spots on it ( dont wanna know what it is...). Waiting time on reception much too long! Had a long flight and had to wait till 4 o clock till our room was ready. Personal was very nice and helpful although.,2
8475, February 2017,Excellent Location in Times Square,"A really vibrant hotel bang in the middle of Timesquare, very clean, a tad shabby in the rooms but nothing to worry about. Beds comfy, very clean. Lobby, bars and all amenities trendy, friendly and spotless. Staff were very helpful and professional. I would 100% recommend this hotel.",4
8476, February 2017,Good value,"The hotel was clean and the staff is friendly and efficient. Rooms are not modern, but we only used them for sleeping, and they were clean and quiet. Great location and a great price. We'll stay there again.",4
8477, February 2017,"a great stay, even if a little hard on the wallet.","Again, a small fridge to keep water/soda cold would have been great. The in house food options were incredibly expensive but delicious. But that kept me away grom buying more. The room was bright and clean. I'll be going on about the blackout curtains for months!",5
8478, February 2017,Ideal location and had all we needed,"I'm glad we chose to stay at ROW NYC. Check in was seamless, as was check out. They have smart elevators which make things hassle free and quick, especially as our room was on the 15th floor. Safe available in the room free of charge. The room was more than big enough for the 2 of us, very clean and we had clean towels and maid service everyday. The staff were all very helpful, apart from the bell boy who clearly wasn't happy in his job! The location of the hotel was EXCELLENT. Right on times square and Broadway. A short walk to central park and very close to the subway. Lots happening all around and lots of good eateries too. Would recommend and would definitely return.",5
8479, February 2017,3 50 somethings in New York,"Great location, clean but basic rooms. Got caught out with $120 facilities fee that we were not expecting so watch out. No drinks facilities in the room, and only cleaned once over 4 days. For the price better elsewhere.",3
8480, February 2017,Very good stay,Very good location. Nice environment young people all the time no for quiet persons bar restaurant music good good very good atention At front desk. Very nice place stace. I will recomended it and if I got the oportunity I will come again.,4
8481, February 2017,Big change,"For years I stayed at the hotel when it was the Milford Plaza. Was amazed and very pleased with all the changes. Loved every minute of my stay, especially the very comfortable bed. I found the entire staff friendly and caring.",5
8482, February 2017,Hi,Absolute disgusting hotel no help from reception when needed room like a dirty broom cupboard stay away from this hotel / needs major refurb and staff training gave 1 mark because I had to click something,1
8483, February 2017,Decent hotel,"Small rooms, they ran out of queen beds so check in early or you're stuck with full. The breakfast place messed up my order and put bacon but I'm a vegetarian so I was upset. They are also over priced.",3
8484, February 2017,Best customer service I've ever seen in a hotel,"The hotel itself is very good, clean and well located but the main quality is the customer service, everybody was extremely helpful and polite, especially Kelly, Juan and Javier. I strongly recommend staying there!",5
8485, February 2017,Disappointing compared to previous NY hotel experience,"Great Location, clean hotel, bar and food eateries are a bonus. Room was adequate for what we needed. However, check in procedure is dire - after a long flight, tired and hungry, we stood in a queue for nearly 45 minutes whilst at least 4 staff shuffled around behind the desk, seemingly in no rush to get the queue down. Over the next 4 days we saw this to be a regular occurrence with a large queue of people waiting to check in. This needs sorting out. Very busy hotel - I likened it to being a bit like a youth hostel as there are just people everywhere all the time! My husband likened it to being in a nightclub? I wouldn't say it was quite that noisy but it was maybe like a very busy bar on a Friday night! Our room was on floor 9 (of 20 I believe!) and once in our room we",3
8486, February 2017,Perfect location,An excellent place to stay in the city if you would like to walk everywhere you go. I took the train in and its a short walk to the hotel. You are surrounded by theatres and great places to eat. The hotel is reasonable too,4
8487, February 2017,Excellet location,"The hotel staff was very friendly, great location, good value, a little noise, but it was a contruction going on, not the hotel issue. Will stay again. Clean room, small but is NYC, is regular size for a city hotel.",4
8488, February 2017,First trip to NYC,"We stayed here for four nights in February. The lady at check in was friendly, however, I was told that I had to pay a $200 deposit from my card which would be paid back after check out minus the $87 facilities fee. I was aware of the facilities fee from reading reviews of the hotel but did not realise that it would be taken at check in or that I would have to pay a $200 deposit which was a bit of a nasty surprise. Surely they could let guests know about this before the day of arrival, perhaps an email the week before confirming what to expect. The room was small but clean and the bed was very comfortable. The shower head was hanging out of the wall and the tap was also loose. The toilet was only suitable for someone who could detatch their left leg as you can see in the",3
8489, February 2017,Good location but nothing more,"Style over substance... Had to queue for 20 minutes to check in. Water in room was lukewarm, the plumber said it was because we were on the top floor and we should run it for a few minutes, but after that it was always hot within 30 seconds - previously it was still tepid after a 15-minute shower...? Lifts take forever to arrive. I mean, 5 minutes or more. Water bottles included in the extortionate 'facilities charge' weren't in the room. No breakfast tea in the breakfast bar. Yes, really. Ledges, TV, and skirting boards were very dusty. Toiletries weren't replenished as we used them. Good location, but for the price, next time I will investigate alternatives!",2
8490, February 2017,"Theft from room, emails unanswered, security failed to contact us as pledged.","Theft, so called 'security', inquiries ignored. How can theft occur when doors are not forced? What happened to the investigation ? Why have emails gone unanswered when we were told the hotel would contact us...and never has.",2
8491, February 2017,Useless staff,"First impressions of the hotel were bad as my group was delayed from checking in for hours. The rooms are basic but functional. Nice bathroom and shower. Great location and great views from some of the rooms. But all of the positives were far overshadowed by the fact that my room was stiflingly hot with the window closed and the air conditioning did not appear to work in the slightest. After asking reception to fix my ac which they said they could, do the staff member who arrived and had absalutely no idea what he was sent there for and then eventually explained that they don't even install the ac until later in the year, his recommendation was to simply ""open the window"". Now as i wanted the room to be cool to be able to sleep allowing the full on sirens honking and constant",1
8492, February 2017,Great location,Extremely well located for whatever sights you want to see in new York. Close by subway and within walking distance to some attractions only downside was long line for check in and elevators were not working one morning. Bring your walking shoes.,4
8493, February 2017,Cheap in NYC.,"Blocks from Times Square. This hotel accommodates lots of your groups and foreign travelers. No room service. Baggage storage and other ""amenities"" have associated charges. Compare rates to other hotels before booking.",3
8494, February 2017,Good but.. (Please read)..,"Not my first visit to the hotel as really enjoyed it last time, this time however had a ""service charge"".. Last time I used the Internet (paid for) so it wasn't much different in cost (around $10 for wifi before and $25 this time), however this time Internet was not stable and I did never receive a refillable water bottle? (One of the conditions included in the service charge). This being said I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again if a couple of small changes were put in place. Location is excellent, customer facing staff were also really good! Only real issue is the service charge, sounds great in theory but maybe lacking slightly.. Internet drops out, in room phone didnt work (apart from on hands free), no refillable bottle.. (most of the ""services"")",4
8495, February 2017,?,too crowded-not well-organized very noisy everywhere-feel like in supermarket room too small for the price- bed too low and too soft cleaning maids start too early and jammed the hall ways ck-in too slow-not enough staff,2
8496, February 2017,Great location. Fantastic value.,"Loved the location of this hotel (the old Milford Plaza). Rooms have had a ""makeover"" and feel contemporary but just skin deep. However, this does not detract from the absolutely fantastic location and great value that we experienced. A lot of young people staying in the hotel which gave it a hip feel and a vibe that was more downtown than Times Sq. Would I stay there again? In a heartbeat! Already looking forward to our next stay.",4
8497, February 2017,The people that work there are great!,"This is my 2nd stay at ROW NYC and it was great! The rooms are clean, maid service excellent , and the employees go out of their way to be kind and helpful. Checking in was a bit challenging and took longer than I would have liked after 10 at nite but besides that the experience was excellent..The bar staff particularly Josie was always cheerful when I would come for hot water and Jacob , a morning barista went beyond being helpful.",5
8498, February 2017,Never again - Worst service EVER,"We arrived to the hotel with a pre-reservation ALREADY PAID and made 2 months before the date for 8 people. When we went to do the check-in the receptionist told us that the reservation has been made for 2 rooms with 2 individual beds each. What didn't make sense at all, since we were 8. After asking her for upgrades (and offering to pay the difference even though the mistake was made by them) the receptionist - that unfortunately did not had a tag name - threw our credit card and ID in the keyboard and said she couldn't do anything about it. The most rude, and horrible services I ever saw in a hotel were people are suppose to accommodate and be respectful. I try to get her name but without success. The rooms are exactly what you pay for, cheap furniture in a good location and",1
8499, February 2017,Not for buisness,"Too cramped, even for NYC. Twin beds are a joke for business travel. Desk is too small, no good way to set up ironing board, bathroom door was a sliding door similar to a barn. Bathroom had mold in it, entry light in room was falling our of its socket.",1
8500, February 2017,trip,"By Haruna, Feb 24,2017 We stay due to sightseeing during our holiday in Japan. The receptionist's response was pleasant and it was urgent. When entering the room, it was kept clean. Amenities include towels, soaps, body butter, hair dryer and so on.",4
8501, February 2017,"Nice hotel, nice location, nice personal","Nice hotel, very nice location, nice personal. The room was ok but a little bit dusty in the ventilation and the room smelled a little strange . Good wi-fi and nice offers at the hotel for the guests.",4
8502, February 2017,AWESOME STAFF!,"Great hotel. Will definitely be revisiting in the near future. Place is clean and nice. Staff was great, especially Rafael at the bar. He made our stay there even better. Had an awesome time here, will definitely be coming back!",5
8503, February 2017,Great Location,Great location to central Manhattan. Hotel itself is very trendy and modern. Rooms were decent but on the small side. Housekeeping staff is a bit pushy and did not provide fresh towels or toilet paper. Overall good stay.,4
8504, February 2017,Best bar in the city!,Ralph at the bar was awesome. Made my stay at the hotel amazing. Had a great time with my friends and family. Will definitely be revisiting very soon. Excellent service! Hotel was very nice and clean as well.,5
8505, February 2017,good location and value,"First time staying, will consider again, doe noice are noticeable, windows can't fully seal street noice. Would recommend first timers, very convinience location and good source around the hotel. Beautiful lobby",4
8506, February 2017,Expensive and low maintenance,"Great location but lacks maintenance. Room had stains in the carpet, bathroom door did not close. Also the room is very little, almost no room for the bags for a couple. It is not customer oriented, seems as they dont care about you at all. The staff helping with your bags would ask for tips at every step, making it really uncomfortable. Also, be careful when booking at some websites, they dont include the full price you will pay, as they charge 30 dollars extra for taxes, internet service, print outs and other staff, however the printers were running out of ink. The cleaning of the room is very deficient, your bed sheets will only be pulled up, not caring if it is not totally clean.",2
8507, February 2017,Worst hotel rooms in NYC.,Do not book the deluxe room. There is nothing deluxe about it. It's terribly small. It was dirty for me. The front desk lady was rude. It was a terrible experience during my stay. The positives was it's location. The housekeeping staff is friendly. The fact that a pizza shop across the steeet stays open till 2am was awesome. It's the cheapest thing to buy in that neighborhood. Other then that I would not do again. Also they charge a extra $164 once you check in just in case you break or damage anything in advance. That is prosperous! They tell you this in your booking process but the lettering is so small you can barely see anything! If you keep the room in perfect condition they refund you only SOME of your money back not all. I was only given back $100.,2
8508, February 2017,Holidays,First time staying at the row NYC and certainly would stay again rooms were very clean read about the lifts being a nightmare before arriving but whilst we were there we never needed to wait more than a minute if that for the lift to arrive check in was also very quick . Great central location to get about from be it times square or the theatre all close by,5
8509, February 2017,"Great location, perfect for what we needed!","We travelled to NYC to celebrate my partners 30th Birthday. We arrived at The Row and as soon as we walked in the door staff were extremely polite and helpful, which was great considering how busy they are. There are people in and out constantly, so for them to make the time to actually greet us was really nice of them when you consider it's like a busy shopping centre. We had four cases between the two of us, so it was hard for us to easily get around... after a long flight we were keen to get into our room, freshen up and drop our bags off so we could get straight out and explore, unfortunately we were waiting over an hour to check in, despite there being only 5 or 6 groups in front of us, I'm not entirely sure why it takes *so* long to check in. I was expecting to receive",4
8510, February 2017,Customer Service Excellence,"IF you want to be sure that you will receive great customer service book a stay at ROW NYC. Gezennia checked me in to my room and was very friendly and pleasant even though the front desk was very busy. The line was at least 10 deep but yet she greeted me with a smile and didn't seem to rush through my check in. She thanked me for being a loyal returning guest and got me checked in quickly. I did notice a few people try to use their mobile check in kiosk to no avail, but not sure what the issue was as some were able to use it. If you get an email with a scan code on it try it. Gezennia was also very helpful when I had an issue with my room and quickly made arrangements to switch my room which was fine. Great customer service!",5
8511, February 2017,1st time to NYC,"We were very happy with our stay at the ROW. The rooms and hotel were very clean. It was in the heart of the downtown, and so walking was easy to many attractions. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would stay there again.",4
8512, February 2017,Check out/in,Hotel was oversold. Was suppose to be compensated for one night...didn't happened. Was overcharged for Room and was never reimbursed. Very difficult to get management to make any changes to correct their mistake. I prepaid for my whole visit and have the email to prove it. I showed it to management and they said they would refund me the errors and overcharges but never did.,2
8513, February 2017,Row Ny Times Square,Great location and great service. The personnel was friendly and the property was updated and modern. Glad we booked such a convenient location in the heart of everything we could ask for in the city.,4
8514, February 2017,No cleaning before checked in.,"Please make sure the room was cleaned before customer checked in. I think 4:00 pm is too late for check in, please improve and speed up the check in time. We need to wait 15 minutes for check in and get the room at 4:00 pm. Then I found my room had not been cleaned, so mess.",3
8515, February 2017,Perfect hotel for the Broadway show patrons!,"If you are traveling to NYC to see several shows, then the Row is your place to stay. We have been to NYC several times for shows, but never stayed in the theater district until now. We were a family of 3, traveling with a teenaged son. We had a double room on the 6th floor facing the front of the hotel. Our room had two double beds, a desk, TV, room safe and private bath. It was ""just enough"" for the three of us. What I loved about the Row: Excellent location...close to all theaters and restaurants. You're far enough away from Time Sq where you're not in the ""mess"", but close enough to Times Sq where you can go and play. It's just enough...This hotel is just enough. Small rooms (hello, its NYC), that are hip and cool. Lobby has a bar and hang out space. City",4
8516, February 2017,Visited for wedding anniversary and half term break..,"We were really looking forward to our stay at the Row, the pictures of the rooms looked fab and the location seemed amazing! Well, the location was great.. Handy to get the subway or into times Sq. however, the room we were put in on the first eve, a 'deluxe' double was not deluxe. It was disgusting.. Paint peeling off, broken fixtures, dirt and dust! I'm only giving a 2 because after complaining we were told that the next day we would move to a 'premium' room. We couldn't move that evening as they had over sold rooms and had none to give us!! They were turning people with bookings away to sister hotels the night we arrived... So the next day we checked into a 'premium' room. Was it better? Slightly.. You could move in that one! But, it wasn't great quality - fortunately we had",2
8517, February 2017,Worst check in and extra $90,"Worst check in of my life took over an hour and when asking at the desk they said they were not short-staffed and this was normal, also expect to pay an extra $30 per night on top of your room fee I booked 3 nights and instead of it being $130 a night it was hundred and $160 costing an extra $90 they don't tell you about online.",1
8518, February 2017,Value for money,"Nice rooms, clean,, very limited info regarding the hotels possibilities (food, work -out. No ambience. Fan /AC started and stopped regardless of outr actions. No answer when calling reception. No call-back when leaving message.",4
8519, February 2017,Great location,"Room was small, wasn't what I expected from the pics of the website. Checked in and was told we needed a card on hold and would take an initial $250... asked why and was told we had a bill of $108 to pay for the services of the hotel at the end of the stay. This was for wifi, hold of luggage and hot water bottle.... who wants a hot water bottle??? Hold of luggage I would expect for free like every other hotel. Only thing that made a stay good was the location...",3
8520, February 2017,Excellent hotel with excellent services for all the family.,"We had a wonderful time during our holiday in NY. The staff and facilities at the Row NYC made our holiday! The location was excellent, within walking distance to all the top landmarks! Thank you for a top class service. We will return!",5
8521, February 2017,Disappointing,"Excellent location and that's where it ends! This is a dark dingy hotel suitable only for people under twenty one. The place was full of kids, queues for everything, check-in, lifts, luggage, a seat to get a cup of tea not that we could as they'd run out of tea bags. We don't often feel the need to bemoan places, on the contrary especially when it comes to N.Y. a place we love and visit often.",1
8522, February 2017,Row NYC,Cool hotel clean good location just off of time square which means your far enough away to be affected my noise or lights at night but you turn the corner and you in the middle of time square rooms are a bit small but you hardly spend anytime in there and appears to be a lack of staff on reception but nothing that would ruin stay,5
8523, February 2017,Nice,Hotel was lovely and in a nice location to be when going on holiday to New York. The bedroom was lovely and bed was nice and comfy but they just need to sort out the plug sockets due to some not working and then other looks old and dangerous!,5
8524, January 2017,Pre-cruise stay.,"We stayed here for 2 nights before going on a cruise. Couldn't ask for a better location. Room was clean and wifi wad brilliant. Lots of food choices on site and everything we had was lovely. Check-in took forever, there was only one guy on reception but he was very helpful and professional, just needed more staff to help him out. Would definitely stay here again.",4
8525, February 2017,Professionals beware~no sleep for you!,"If you are in NYC to be up all night, this is the hotel for you. Large groups of students love to hang out in the halls watching videos at full blast and going in and out of each others rooms at all hours of the late evening and early morning much the the displeasure of those of us who are here for work. Unfortunate as this hotel is a great value and it is very nice having the food court attached and a decent bar.",2
8526, February 2017,Avoid like the plague,"This is the worse hotel by far I have ever stayed in. Rooms overbooked so we all had to be split up. Extremely slow check in service, 40 mins plus. Rooms filthy dusty grimy peeling paint sticky carpets. The key cards didn't work everytime we used them. Had to wait in check in queue everyday several times a day. They kept saying it was because I put the magnetic strip next to my phone but I never. Staff extremely rude to quests, however the cleaning ladies were always polite and cheerful. The location was good pretty central to everything. Food was extremely expensive and poor quality. The Americans generally very rude unless you were buying goods or tipping them. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",1
8527, February 2017,"Clean, Great location","perfect spot to stay when catching a broadway show. Clean, surprisingly quiet. Excellent front desk staff. I had an issue and they were quick to solve it. Gym is small but gets the job done. Location was excellent.",5
8528, February 2017,Just OK,"For the price I paid, the hotel was adequate. If I had paid more, I would have been unhappy. While every staff member we encountered was lovely, every hotel interaction seemed to be more involved than it needed to be. Though the check-in time is listed as 4 pm, we arrived early and tried to check-in at noon. Even though a room was not available at the time, we handled everything at reception, were told to check our luggage and that we would receive an email when the room was ready. Luggage checking was a nightmare. The line was huge and basically blocked the door into the hotel. Row NYC needs to find a better place/system for checking luggage. The entrance doors being blocked by lines of people is not a welcoming sight upon arriving. Even though we had not received an",3
8529, February 2017,Clean but unfriendly staff,"After arriving from London with two young children (and having booked in October) we were greeted with the news that they were""busy"" and did not have our room. They wanted us to them pay for a taxi to another hotel in town and claim the expenses back later. With my 8 year old asleep on the lobby floor, they reluctantly agreed to give us two rooms (who knows were they suddenly materialised two rooms from when we only wanted one) but therefore split the family up. This then resulted in the next day having to check out of our rooms, put our luggage in storage and then realised check in at 4pm. No offer of a drink or anything as a way of saying ""sorry"". Rooms were of an adequate size, bathroom had everything you require. No tea or coffee facilities in the rooms which was a shame.",2
8530, February 2017,Good service,"Great location, nice small rooms, clean, good service, close to metro, Broadway theatres , Time Square. I recommend this hotel to my family, friends and relatives. Our check in was early with no problem",5
8531, February 2017,Fun in New York,I will be back to New York and I would definitely stay here again. Everybody was friendly and very helpful The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had a great view and felt very safe.,5
8532, February 2017,Row NYC - Acceptable,"This is a nice hotel for the value. It took some time to check in but granted we arrived very early but Ross was very accommodating on getting me into the room early as I had a late afternoon meeting. The breakfast and eating choices were great...lots of choices and the food was fresh each morning. Rooms are small but hey, you're not in the room very long to hit the city as the location is close to Times Square and Hell's Kitchen. you get your value out of the location and the beds were very comfortable.",3
8533, February 2017,Great Location Very Helpful Staff,"From Check in in to checkout very professional hotel Rooms are comfortable, book a larger room, South Side if possible if you can gets you a view and plenty of natural licght, but a little noisy from internal sounds, you are in NYC so expect a little noice",5
8534, February 2017,Great value and awesome location!!,"I was meeting a friend in NY for a trade show. This was one of the recommended trade show hotels. I've been to NY many times and had never stayed here. I would definitely consider staying here again. The rooms were clean, albeit tiny. The amenities were great. The front desk staff was very helpful. The gym looked very nice. The food hall had great variety with very tasty choices. And the value and location were wonderful. I was very happy with the overall experience.",4
8535, February 2017,Best bang for the buck!,"For the price, you can't beat it! Location was great. Literally half a block from time square. The food court next door is very convenient. We had a standard room. The room was clean. A/C worked great! Bed was very comfy. Bathroom shower head was good! Hard to beat this if you are going on a budget.",4
8536, February 2017,Weekend getaway,"First time in New York for both of us. First trip together as a couple. Very welcoming staff, excellent service. We arrived around 6am and although we did not choose to check in early, having a bag check was great!",5
8537, February 2017,Row NYC review,"Didn't use any of the facilities, so I have no comments on that. However WiFi was inaccessible from room. Room was reasonably clean and the location was excellent. The pre-check in procedure and express checkout worked well.",4
8538, February 2017,Stay in NY,I was very happy with our stay in Row NYC. Location is excellent if flying in to Newark airport just get the airport express bus to port authority bus station it is only 2mins walk to the hotel then. Our bedroom was prefect no complaints and staff were friendly. Only thing I would say is that the wait for the elevator is slow and there always seems a long queue for reception but would definitely recommend this hotel.,4
8539, February 2017,Row NYC,"We have stayed at the Row many times dating back to its days as the Milford. It is a good, safe location, close to the many theaters, Restaurant Row and the Shopping District. You can walk everywhere.",4
8540, February 2017,Hotel ideally located,The position of the hotel allows to reach on foot most of the centers of interests of Manhattan. The team of welcome would deserve to be strengthened to avoid the sons of permanent wait frequent at the reception. The decoration would also deserve to be raffraichie.,3
8541, February 2017,The stay was good how ever after you leave is the issue,They took out the cost of my room which included a security deposit then a week later charged my account again and they are giving me a rather difficult time do clear up the problem that occurred with theirs computer systems,1
8542, February 2017,"This is a great location, but...","This hotel is in a great spot by Times Square. However, it was overrun with high school students. The lobby was always crowded and the elevator had times where it took up to 10 minutes to get up or down from the room. The room itself is small, outdated, and not very clean. The water pressure is so bad, that we couldn't shower one of the mornings due to the shower not having enough pressure to stay on. Would spend the extra money and go somewhere else. Will not stay here again.",1
8543, February 2017,Another Great Stay,"This was our second time staying at ROW and we had another great experience. Check in staff was very friendly and helpful, and had no problems through our stay. Hotel is in a perfect location, close to Port Authority, Times Square, Hell's Kitchen, etc. Can be noisy due to being right on 8th ave, but much the same at other hotels. The room slept 3 without feeling overwhelmingly small. Won't hesitate to consider this hotel again for a future visit.",4
8544, February 2017,Couple from England.,Had a gray stay due to location but was a shame about our room. My partner is tall and we could hardly fit in the room as it was so small! The bathroom could hardly fit one person In. Great location though,4
8545, February 2017,"Great location, clean and functional","4 days trip to NY with 2 kids. Easy arrival friendly chap on reception called Courtney. Room was small but isnt every room in NYC? Its clean, super comfortable and it all works. Everyone we dealt with was friendly from the door man to the bar man! It wasnt the Plaza but we didnt pay what they Plaza charges either! All in all a perfect place to stay for us! Kids slept like logs! If you dont like noise dont stay in Times Square!",4
8546, February 2017,Brilliant modern hotel,"Great hotel, great location. I think th resort fee is overpriced and a bit unnecessary which hikes the price up but it is useful when you get the bottle you can fill up on the water stations once you find them.",5
8547, February 2017,Row NYC,Was satisfactory but not amazing just standard rooms noisy and not deluxe Found it very student like Great location No drinking facilities in the rooms Made no effort for my sons birthday the reason for the trip,3
8548, February 2017,Seeing a Show...stay here,Love this hotel when in the city to see a show or play in Times Sq area. It has its hustle and bustle in the lobby but their elevator system (once you figure it out) whisks you away to your more than comfortable bed and room....and the price is right.,5
8549, February 2017,Superb location,"Our 4 day stay was made all the better knowing we had a clean friendly hotel to return to each night! Super location with great views! Times Square only a stones throw away! We will be back, I just wish it could be in 2017 again! :)",4
8550, January 2017,Friendly Row,A fun convenient hotel with jazzy lifts and super friendly staff. Wonderful location for those keen on their theatre fix! The kitchen & internet facilities were fabulous. I hope to return on my next New York adventure.,4
8551, February 2017,Very small,Disappointing room far to small. Noisy air conditioner had to ask for pillows. Table and chair not in room as illustrated on the picture I would never stay in this hotel again after coming from a beautiful hotel in Canada,1
8552, February 2017,Rude Check in,"Great location with RUDE staff. Room are no ready until 4pm. Front desk guy was super rude and arrogant. Rooms small but nice for 2 persons. Close to Time Squere, Broadway and 42st train station......",4
8553, February 2017,Too croweded,The lobby was always very full and noisy. The atendant was too busy all the time. There was no seat aveilable every 3 times we went for a drink so we went out looking for other options. The hotel is very well located,4
8554, February 2017,Bring Ear Plugs!,"I was in town with my daughter and her best friend shopping for her bridal gown, my mother of the bride dress and brides maid dresses. We had a wonderful trip, but sleep was not a highlight! I would not recommend the Row unless your bring ear plugs!",2
8555, February 2017,Internet and customer needs,Internet was shocking. Kept cutting out and was an issue route reconnect. My basic request for 2 beds was not met or even responded to. Even this comment where I have to write 200 letters is a joke. Why force me to write more than I intended.,3
8556, February 2017,Great location,"Central location close to Times Square and theater district. Room and bathroom is small for a family of 4, but it was manageable. Lots of people in hotel, elevators had waiting lines at times. Overall satisfied with stay.",4
8557, February 2017,Great location,"I stayed with my wife at the Row for 1 week, we had never been to NYC so didn't really know what to expect. The location was excellent only a 2-3 minute walk to Times Square and subway across the road so great for getting around, plus lots of restaurants in the area. We were welcomed by the greeters out front who sort your luggage out etc, all very friendly as well as the receptionist at check in. All staff we met during the week were excellent. We stayed on the 18th floor in a corner room which was nice to have 2 views over the city. Room was clean and modern, bathroom needed a bit of work. Window frames rattled and needed painting really. Everything worked though, showers decent etc etc. Guests staying next to us extremely noisy not helped by a connecting door between",4
8558, February 2017,Stay Away!!!!,The Worse and Dirtiest Hotel I have ever stayed in. Even the hostels I have stayed in have been cleaner. What they call a Standard room is only suitable for a single person. JUST. Short small double bed or a single bed which you can not walk around. Compulsory non refundable Facilty Fee on arrival. Only good thing was its location,1
8559, January 2017,"good location, basic facilities, poor staff attitude","location was great, food in the breakfast hall was okay but overpriced; the view out the window was unfortunately looking straight into another hotel bedroom. staff were mostly polite but a couple of experiences with a malfunctioning AC made me never want to use this hotel again - was treated as if I was overreacting when my AC started blasting out heat and making weird noises. despite ringing the front desk 3 times over the course of several hours - when I just wanted to go to bed - I was told by the front desk to 'just be patient'. I didn't know what was wrong with my AC or whether it would explode, overheat, give out CO - I wasn't even able to power it down because the plug was stuck behind a wardrobe screwed into the wall. No one came to fix it all night. I left really",3
8560, January 2017,Very centrical to everything in New York,"Although the room was very small and no drawer space really with only one tiny window overlooking an indoor type of patio, the beds & pillows were very comfy. Bathroom not modern and small but it was clean. In the passage ways of the hotel, the lighting was very dark but one got used to it after a while! Extremely close to everything and perfect arrangement when you have to deposit luggage on the check-out day, very safe. Couldnt get the computer in lobby to work to print off boarding cards, which about 4 other guests at the same time as I was trying, couldnt either. No one to help out and no good asking in reception as you have to queue up in line to ask anything you might need.",4
8561, February 2017,Cheap experience,"You should chose this hotel only if your aim is saving money. There no other reason to accept impatient and lazy workers, sometimes rude, dirtiness and noisy building. Moreover, all the workers was very aggressive to get tips. This, of course, is not to blame them, but it's clear they are forced to do that.",1
8562, February 2017,Hidden costs and maintenance issues,"You paid for Internet, as ""services fee"" or something like that. The heating systems sound as a flute with a lot of motor noise, woke up us all nights. The sound of the street is clearly heard in the room, even thought we were in a 12th floor",2
8563, February 2017,very bad experience,"very bad experience, room not clean, staff not nice at all. The quality of the beds was very poor and corridors too noisy. There was a huge line for check in and the staff wasn't welcoming at all. The elevators were very slow",1
8564, January 2017,January 2017 stay,"Although it looked chaotic when you walked in it did not take long to get checked in by Douglas the front desk associate. Staff were helpful. Situated just off Broadway and Time Square, central to all tourist attractions.",5
8565, February 2017,Amazing Location and Good value,Amazing location! Excellent staff! Me and my wife travlled to NY for our honeymoon. The manager gently upgraded our room selection because of that! Really good experience. The hotel is within a walking distance to the best broadway theaters!,5
8566, February 2017,Family holiday,"Enjoyed our stay and location. Rooms aren't the biggest, but good for a small family. Bathroom, can't swing a cat in it. Basic room. Aircon/heating system noisey. Room could be a little cleaner, especially carpet.",3
8567, February 2017,Flaws,"Whilst being situated in the heart of Times Sq and close to various subways I have one major issue with Row NYC. They have a "" mandatory"" daily charge of $22 per day for wifi & international calls. Now like most of the population I have a internet provider via my phone and various apps all of which are free. I stayed a total of 6 nights which meant I paid $132 for a service I had no option apparently in paying which I had no intention nor did I use. This is on top of the $100 a night with no breakfast! I cannot fault the bar staff and hotel staff although checking in was a very long affair as was checking out as I paid cash for the blatant rip off plus a security fee so in total $300 which wasnt budgeted for. I suggest you either put the room rates up and make it known or reduce",3
8568, February 2017,Excellent,"Near everything, very clean and the room wasn't so small! The only bad thing was that the internet was a little poor at the rooms and we used to wait a bit for the elevator to come, but everythig else was perfect and the atmosphere of the place was great!",5
8569, February 2017,Over-priced and underwhelming,Small rooms in a crowded hotel with hidden fees and mediocre service. They seem too busy herding people through their hotel to bother seeing to a quality experience. Hardly any amenities and those you do get you pay ROYALLY for.,2
8570, January 2017,NYC Row Hotel,Great Location we were central for everything. Hotel staff were friendly and the rooms were comfortable. The cleaning staff cleaned our bathroom the first night and forgot to replace our towels and shower curtain but this was rectified immediately. The beds were a little small for two people but they were comfortable. Otherwise this is a hotel that I would gladly recommend to others and would stay at again.,5
8571, February 2017,1 week Family Holiday,"Great location and quite a trendy hotel, but the rooms and tiny and the walls very thin so you can hear everything from the next room. I was horrified when my 2 daughters and I were woken up by the couple next door having you know what!! the bar is nice but drinks are very expensive. All in all a nice stay bit wouldn't return",3
8572, February 2017,Great place,"I would like to have coffee at wake and no need to go to a public area to get it, apprecciate to make it inside my room or go to the lobby at my floor to serve it. last year i broght a coffee maker, but this time it was a hard time going downstairs to bought it,",5
8573, February 2017,Please go to another hote !,"It was our 3rd time in New York and picked this hotel due to the location. Dont know where to start with the issues that we had during our 4 days. 1.Front desk staff rudeness 2.Hotel lobby extremley busy at all times day or night ( lots of schools ) 3.Musty weired smell in all the corridors- old tired rooms and extremly small, bedding & towels very old and worn 4.A 30 dollar per day- complusory resort charge for internet/ telephone calls and use of the gym 5.Noisy rooms - had to call security on 2nd night due to noise levels from next door we had not slept for 2 nights ! Requested a new room from duty mananger ( Patrick ) and had to pack room up and leave cases in receiption area, we were assured that our room would be ready on return that evening. On return at 6pm we",1
8574, February 2017,Disappointed,"Arrived at our hotel to massive ques and only 2 staff on reception. The hotel was busy throughout our stay. Beds were made daily, but on our last night they didn't bother. Also our door kept opening by itself leaving us vulnerable to a possible theft. That was dealt with immediately. We were also charged for $125 for a call that was inclusive of our stay. Apparently this is done on purpose to make you pay more. There should not be extra expenses if it's included. You are told this on check in. They did rectify the mistake. I tried to call down to the front desk but they hung up 3 times. I went downstairs To ask for help, the security and concierge had no idea and were very rude to me. They didn't want to know. The room was basic and bathroom felt dirty. The location is perfect",2
8575, February 2017,I would stay again,"I loved the convenience of the hotel and it is prime location. It was a lovely room but you can hear the underground subway, which is not to bad so it's not a deal breaker for me. I loved the convenience of the early check in and check out from my phone.",5
8576, February 2017,great location great hotel,"Really liked the hip feel of this hotel. The location is excellent easy to get around from and right next to times square. Our room keys wouldn't work, we went back down, nice guy standing in the lobby asked if we were ok, we explained he then took us to the front of the queue and another nice guy-Douglas gave us a free upgrade! The room was fantastic massive and very quiet apart from traffic noise (it's New York) ear plugs are available. On the last day I thought I had lost my phone went back to the room to look,2 ladies from housekeeping were there and were so helpful offering to ring it for me, we later found it in my bag!! So pleased we chose it.",4
8577, February 2017,Row Hotel Stay,Excellent location for first time visitors. Nice clean hotel. Would recommend to anyone. This was our first trip to New York and we found this hotel to be a great base for getting around the city. Would have no problem to stay here again.,5
8578, February 2017,Great experience,Good Hotel in wonderful location much close to the times Square in Manhattan. Very good and clean room with wonderful view over the NYC. The lobby is always very noisy and full of people. No way to really enjoy the lobby,5
8579, February 2017,Look around,"So I was recommended this hotel by virgin and to be honest very disappointed. Service was slow and terrible - we waited over 40mins to even check in with literally two check in staff? Rooms as expected were on the small side, we had two rooms one was a shoe box another one was a good size. The rooms had clearly not been cleaned as there was thick dust everywhere! Bathroom was a bit grotty as well. The bar was brilliant and the doorman and luggage guys were brilliant - if I was to go back I would not stay here.",3
8580, February 2017,Brilliant location,"Very affordable hotel for the heart of Manhattan. Walking distance to most attractions, and right beside Broadway. Accessible by subway. Very clean rooms; very lovely housekeeping staff with a friendly smile and a hello. The elevator situation is a bit of a problem, for the size of the hotel, there are very few elevators. However, it didn't make an enormous difference to our stay. We boosted our fitness walking down the stairs each morning and simply waited when our tired legs needed a lift up in the evening! Excellent range of food available throughout the day, slightly on the pricey side, but nothing out of the expected range for NYC. A really positive experience, thank you Row NYC, we will be back!",5
8581, August 2016,Great Location,Rooms are smallish - but for somewhere to put your head down and explore the city its great! Very clean and modern interior with very comfortable beds. The hotel is right beside Times Square. Highly Recommend.,5
8582, February 2017,Great location....basic rooms,"Stayed Feb for 5 nights. Seen a lot of reviews saying lines were long, we arrived around 11pm so this was not the case for us. Rooms were basic and to be honest ours wasn't all that clean...the bathroom had a stain around it. We didn't mention this and I am sure it would of been dealt with but after a day or two of just using the shower we noticed it had been cleaned off. Paid extra for a city view, not sure what city view is as most look like they have it, our view was not great. We was 8 floors up and was hoping to see the large buildings around TS but oh well. I wouldn't bother paying extra for a city view. The bar was pretty cool. Live music and DJ's. The lobby and bar area is nice the location is perfect. Literally just 3-5 min walk into TS. Note you will be charge a",3
8583, February 2017,Very disappointed,"The location of the hotel is ideal, in terms of accessing the main attractions. That was proabaly the only positive about the hotel... The staff were rude and unhelpful, and there was always a queue for 15/20 mins to speak to someone. It was a very busy hotel, and the lobby could get over crowded. The rooms are very small and crammed in. Ours had a joining door with the next room, and we could hear everything from the other room. And when out in the corridor, you could hear everything from the other rooms. We hardly had room to put our suitcases. On a plus note the rooms were clean and the shower was great. We had been told the the hotel had recently had a multi million make over, but it looked like there had only been a lick of paint. We would not stay at this hotel",1
8584, February 2017,EYE OPENING,ROW stayed busy with amazing people! It was my first time in NYC and first time experiencing NEW YORK FASHION WEEK and I'm thankful I got to share it with ROW! I extended stay here twice during my stay at ROW and met some amazing people! Hey! You never know what to expect! It was a very nice welcoming to New York City! THANK YOU PAOLA AND JAMES! I recommend this hotel to ALL.,5
8585, February 2017,Great location .. shame about the dirty rooms,Stayed here for 5 nights had clean towels twice had to phn house keeping 3 times to bring some to our room beds only made up once ( did not think this was usual in NYC hotels ) ... bath room was dirty luckily I take my own anti bacterial cleaning wipes ( no charge house keeping for doing your job !! ) room had not seen a hoover in weeks ( unfortunately i left mine at home ) ... if the cleaners worked as hard as they talked ( outside our room for ages ) ... its such a pity as the hotel is in the best location .... will I return to this hotel ... no never cleaning Crew is required by management team ...,1
8586, February 2017,Great place to stay for exploring NYC,"Recently stayed at this great hotel. Location near two subway links, food hall connected to the hotel, breakfast available downstairs, great little convenience shop located near the lift well and walking distance to all major attractions. Hop on hop off bus stop nearby and taxis parked out the front. 5 minute walk to Times Square and approx 20 minutes to Central Park. Staff very helpful, room very clean and serviced daily. Loved the hip vibe with music in the bar at nights and very safe location as well. Great deals and loved the refurbished rooms. Would highly recommend for first timers to NYC. Thank you Row for a fabulous time made easy with all your assistance and patience with us on our stay. Definitely returning to the Row.💕",5
8587, February 2017,GOOD LOCATION,Located just few meters to TIMES SAQUARE makes it the best located hotel to enjoy your stay in NYC. It was a nice stay near to a lot of facilities however additional cost of 22$ has been added as extra hidden. Quality / Price ratio remains good.,4
8588, February 2017,Business trip,Stayed here for five nights and enjoyed it. Room was well kept each day. Staff was friendly. Room was small but it worked for us. Sounds from other rooms carried through the walls easily. Bathroom doors do not offer the best privacy.,4
8589, February 2017,Just scrapes into average,"First time visitor to the states and was looking forward to experiencing some of the famed American customer service. Sadly, I did not find it here. The check in staff were bordering rude and made no attempt what so ever to rectify a booking mistake caused by them. Unfortunately I had to set my alarm for 4am to call British Airways to ask them to intervene. Three further visits to the front desk and the issue was finally resolved - no apology from the Row NYC for their error. Really soured my entire experience. Rooms are small but functional - my bath water was brown - not sure if that was usual or not in NYC. Agree with previous comments that this has a hostel feel to it - hoards of people congregating by the lifts and lots of people sitting on the floor in the lobby.",3
8590, February 2017,An Enjoyable Three Days,Your hotel was convenient for everything we needed. We came to New York City to see a Broadway show. We took a Greyhound bus from Philadelphia and so your hotel was in walking distance as was the show. There were excellent restaurants in the area. Our rom was comfortable and adequate. We will come back.,4
8591, February 2017,Our experience,I have to say the location of the hotel was perfect for my business needs but as far as cleanliness we were quite disappointed. The room has a very funky smell and the bathroom was dirty upon arrival old qTips on the floor.,2
8592, February 2017,A bit disappointed,"Check in line was extremely long and not moving due to hardly anyone behind the counter helping customers. We were on edge because we were trying to make it to our boardway show on time, ended up being late. Disappointing.",3
8593, February 2017,Great place to stay close to show action!,Good job on reconfiguring the old Milford New York Hotel! Need more people after 6 PM for check in. I expect you will rise to the occasion to kepp the check in lines short in the future. Please consider extra folk for this function.,5
8594, February 2017,Good enough for what we wanted/ needed.,"Negatives to start: check in process was very lengthy and the room wasn't ready until after 4pm. We arrived at 1pm having been up since 4am (11pm est) and all we wanted was a shower!! I'd also suggest avoiding using the lift between 9 and 10 am as you could be waiting up to 20mins for it. However the positives far outweight the negatives, great location, helpful staff, rooms (whilst not spectacular) were clean and comfortable (although could benefit from a mini fridge and extra pillow) and the coffee bar in the morning was amazing!!! Would use again in a heartbeat. Excellent value for money.",4
8595, January 2017,Great value,"Really good value for what we paid. We had some fun with the ipad that's mounted at reception. Takes 4 pictures then beams them to some arty cubes in the foyer. Reception, foyer area and elevators were really good but the room was a little shabby. A few coats of pain on the walls! It was clean and tidy enough although not exceptional. Like I say it was an excellent base to explore NYC from as it's right in the centre of everything. The shower broke when we first used it, we called reception and they had a maintenance guy come and fix it right away . Had an excellent time and would consider staying at the row NYC if we return.",4
8596, February 2017,Excellent value,"I like the location of this hotel as well as the crowd that stays there as it is reasonable respectful, quiet and sophisticated. Hotel is very quiet at night rooms are dark and sleep day or night - Pizza and salads are great in the bar location in the city kitchen has anything you could want internationally. Hotel feel safe as well - lots of available staff",5
8597, February 2017,Row Review,"Great Hotel, Great Food, Sleek Modern Tech Design! Poor Staff Member At Front Desk Who Should Be Treating Repeat Customers With Better Service & A Higher Quality Of Respect. Was Going To Share To My Blog/Mobile Youth App With Over 86,000 Users But Now I Am Unsure.",4
8598, February 2017,Superb reception staff in Douglas,"A big thank you to Douglas on the main reception desk who was a great help on our arrival, a great asset to the business , the heating was very noisy in our room 2738 , and there was a couple of occasions when the lift wasn't available not much help when you are on the 27th floor",4
8599, February 2017,Dinner and a show,Please speed up check in in order for me to consider staying here again. We started off with a bad feeling. This is not our first stay here and I have to say that I do not remember this from before especially around rush hour.,4
8600, February 2017,Great NY location,One minute to Times Square. Two minutes to Port Authority Bus Terminal. Very good value for money. Only downside was the time waiting to checkin. Staff were very friendly & knowledgeable. The room was clean and comfortable and of average size for similar New York hotels.,4
8601, February 2017,Second to none location!,Location was perfect. Only let down was the size/cleanliness of the room. Could of done with a little more care when cleaning. This was the only down side and considering the amount of time spent in the room this wasn't a big deal,4
8602, January 2017,Part of Caribbean Cruise Package,"Checking in,felt sorry for the one desk clerk checking people in other staff behind the reception desk placed no importance on the queue which was forming.thank goodness prepaid and didn't have to wait to check out.! Some one from behind the scenes then appeared and went up and down the queue with a tray of cookies.Room was small more or less had to climb over our cases as no where to store them.very basic,only one night wouldn't want any more. Location very good,",2
8603, February 2017,Great value for your money,"Will recommend to friends. Location is at Timesquare, walking distance to places you wanna see while at New York City. Staff were friendly, kind, and caring. I witnessed a staff went above and beyond to cater to an elderly customer.",5
8604, February 2017,GOOD Overall Experience,"Service was Amazing ! Staff is Friendly ! Main lobby is nice however, I wasn't impressed with the room. Bar/Restaurant area was my type of scene. Best of all for was the location. Everything is walking distance.",4
8605, February 2017,Unreal location rooms need to be looked at!!,Overall it's a really good hotel nice modern decor and a nice sweet bar on the side. But our first room we went into is the radiator kept coming on by itself and making banging noises at 3 and 7 am. Which spoilt our nights sleep and then I had paid for a premium room which was the 3rd dearest I think? and we got put directly next to the lift and could hear it all night long. In the hotels defence Gina was brilliant and moved us straight away which was really good.But as I say location is brilliant 2 minutes from Times Square and round the corner from most broadway shows. Rooms were really clean and fresh towels were put in our room every day. My thoughts on how to make the hotel better would be when there are lots of people waiting for the lifts make a line so not every person,3
8606, February 2017,Dodgy...,We stay at this hotel from the 13th- 17th Feb. The hotel lobby was extremely busy both day and night which we found very strange considering we it is situated near enough on Times Square. On arrival we was very lucky there was no queue to check in however watch out for the hotel tax! The people in front of us was told it's $50 per night however was was told $21 by the looks of it they make it up as they go along. The fee can be either pay by cash or card they require $250 .We chose the cash option as we was in the mind set if they may not return it when we have left the country and there would be nothing we could do. The staff were very rude and unhelpful I don't think they have ever heard of customer service. Our room was basic but ok we was on the 14th floor which was,2
8607, February 2017,"Great location, but the silly things let it down","This is the first review I've left on trip advisor, and I hate it when people leave bad reviews because of petty little things, but I thought it best that people know. The hotel is in a perfect location, and that's exactly what you want when you want to see as much of the city as possible, exactly like me and my wife did, so for that I cannot fault the hotel, like I said earlier it was the little things that let the hotel down, the check in takes far too long, and if you need help the queue is always too long that you either can't be bothered to speak to someone or you waste precious holiday time waiting, they also over booked so had to put us in a different room from what we booked, this wasn't a major issue as we only wanted the room to store clothes and put our head down for",2
8608, March 2016,Close to everything,"Happy with the room,great views of the Hudson River 1 street from Times Square,close to subways ,theatres were 2 streets away, great restaurants,I was able to catch the bus tour by a market which made it more fun",5
8609, February 2017,Iris review of the Row NYC Hotel,"My experience at this hotel was wonderful. The staff were very friendly and helpful during our stay. I would definitely be returning again, and would recommend this hotel to friends. I will give this experience a thumbs up!",4
8610, February 2017,Cheap and cheerful,"The lobby area was very noisy with loud music blaring out, but bear in mind we are in our 50s and obviously this hotel caters for younger people than ourselves. Once we had navigated the lifts, you put the floor no. in when you call the lift, we got to our 18th floor room. The noise had completely gone now and our room was very quiet apart from some outside noise, which cannot be helped in New York. The room was small but very clean and tidy. Bed and pillows were comfy. Bathroom was clean. For the price, excellent value for money. Check in and out, extremely quick. Would have loved a kettle for a cup of tea in the morning. Overall, I would not stay here again, because I prefer a little bit more luxury, but that is probably an age thing and this hotel was completely acceptable",4
8611, February 2017,Worst service EVER!!!!,"We pre checked in and also paid extra for 2 beds in our room. Called later to confirm room, were told yes we had 2 beds. Checked in later.... only 1 bed available. These rooms are smaller than my first dorm room with less amenities. Modern and Boutique only mean you get nothing in your room. Poor girl at desk had to take the brunt of all that wasn't taken care of earlier. Oh , and we had to wait in line again for over an hour at midnight. Definitely do not recommend this place. Pay a little more and get a hotel that's nicer.",1
8612, February 2017,First time quest,Very disappointed guest . Too much noise . More for backpackers then senior citizen . Lighting not effective . Collecting water from water depot is revolting . Not all staff friendly . Wil not recommend hotel,3
8613, January 2017,You get what you pay for,"Rooms very very small and we had upgraded for a city deluxe room so would hate to see what a basic room was like. Only enough room to walk around the bed, had to climb over suitcase to go to toilet as the 'wardrobe!!' was too small for suitcase, actually wardrobe had an ironing board in it and was too small for our 2 coats and 2 pairs of boots. Room clean enough. Bar was very expensive £15(equivalent) for tiny glass of house wine. Waited in 30min queue to check in while staff stood talking and left 1 member of staff to deal with a queue which had in excess of 20 people waiting in it, there was only about 5 people before us when we arrived and it took 30 minutes so no idea how long others had to wait after we checked in. Very busy place. On a positive it was very central for",3
8614, February 2017,Location great! But feels like a hostel!,It is not clean and so loud! Oh plus dont forget to read the small print anout extra tax and facility charges! Read it. It is not as cheap as the price as you first think! Also the room was really noisy both from the corridor and also the rooms next door. Sheets were washed but had marks on them from previous use. There is no kettle in the room. The whole place felt like a hostel. Location great though and they offer free phone calls!,2
8615, January 2017,Good location,"Spent 3 nights there end of January, even though hotel not necessarily the best hotel or the biggest rooms, the location was superb and everything about the hotel was adequate for the purpose of our visit .",3
8616, February 2017,Row NYC,On the whole I enjoyed my stay at the hotel. The price was affordable for this nime of the year. The room was quite comfortable though rather small. On some days it was not properly cleaned. But this didn't spoil the general impression of the hotel.,4
8617, February 2017,Girls trip to The Row,"Myself and a friend visited this hotel for 5 nights on Feb 11th-Feb 16th. Location is great, just minutes from Times Square and a 10/15 minute walk to Madison Square Garden/Macy's area. Check in/out was smooth, rooms are a fair size for the city however the storage space is very limited, and lastly the bar area in the main lobby has great vibes! Doormen are always on hand to help the security is good, you have to show a room key to get into the elevator. One of the downsides to it being such a huge hotel is that you often wait a long time for the elevator, which can be a pain after a long day exploring the city by foot. Another slight negative is that in our room, (5th floor, room 519) we heard a very loud buzzing noise every so often that has potential to wake you up! Have no",4
8618, February 2017,Great hotel,Great hotel! The room was ready when I got there at noon. I asked for a hypoallergenic pillows and they were delivered to my room right away. I think the hotel rate is reasonable enough. Noise control could be improved tho! I could hear people talking in the hallway outside my room.,5
8619, February 2017,overnight getaway,just needed a place to stay overnight because we watched a concert that night. the discounted parking was convenient. the check in was quick. room was tiny but it works for 2 people. very close to time square! love it!,4
8620, February 2017,ROW NYC - not great experience,Very noisy all the time. The air conditioning was that noisy it made you feel like you were sleeping in a hurricane. We also had very noisy neighbours and the windows we very thin so you could hear everything outside as well. Took an age to check in as well with many rooms not ready.,2
8621, February 2017,Great location,"It took way too long to check in, there need to be more staff at front desk, possibly more staff at the concierge desk as we were in line for 15minutes to get a taxi, which we ended up giving up and just going outside to get it. Our water took way too long to heat up (20 minutes) so I had no idea you were a part of a green initiative to conserve water.",4
8622, February 2017,Noisy and crowded,Very busy and loud. Very uncomfortable and expensive. Toilets to clod to sink. Beds was great! No normal conveniences. We travel a lot and this was not what we normal experience. For the price we should have had much more.,2
8623, February 2017,Ok,We arrived on 14th Feb thought check in was at 4pm however the room was ready earlier which was good. Hotel is very modern and in a great location. Rooms are very small and water wasn't provided in the rooms as advertised. Keys to rooms are key cards which are a nightmare as we got back from a show past 11pm and neither of the keys would work which meant going from floor 19 back to reception to queue in the never ending queue to fix the key cards when all you want to do is sleep! Check out was once again a nightmare as everyone checks out at 12pm so you'd think they'd have staff lined up ready to serve however they're chatting amongst themselves rather than serving meanwhile the queue is getting longer and longer I waited approximately 45 minutes to be seen to. Handy that there,3
8624, February 2017,Great stay,"Arrived early at the hotel, no wait at reception and was advised our room was ready! We were in room 808 which was a corner room with views up 8th avenue and to the west through two separate windows, absolutely stunning. Room was clean and tidy with a huge bed, loads of towels in the bathroom and a safe. Location of this hotel is very good and a block from Times Square. Around the corner is the majestic theatre where phantom of the opera plays and johns pizza across the street, both of which we visited and loved. Hotel has a trendy bar (downside is the price of drinks) with plenty of seating. It is also joined to city kitchen which is a great food hall. All the staff were extremely pleasant and helpful with us at all times and we personally could not fault them. I read some",4
8625, February 2017,Business Trip,Good for the price. Great location. Lots of amenities. Very helpful staff. Great amenities. City Kitchen offers a lot of choices. Subway stop across the street. Could get very busy and crowded for check in and to get front desk help.,5
8626, February 2017,Good location,"The hotel is a supermarket of rooms. Really big. Great location, all the times people check inn and out . The check inn is slowly because not many people to attend. Location is good, at night change the people. But the hotel is convenient abour the relation price/quality. Modern decoration. Is not quite hotel, many people inside and at bar.",3
8627, February 2017,Not good,The hotel over booked and didn't have a room for us. Got moved into 3 room in less than 24hrs. The second room we moved to had bugs and the third room we got moved to had a busted heater that never got fixed.,1
8628, February 2017,Great Value,"Row NYC is in a prime location and it's convenient to all subways stations . It's literally in the heart of the city . The trendy and hip bar . Rooms were clean, hotel staff particularly the front desk was very helpful and informative . He provided all the details needed to make our stay pleasant . Highly recommended !",5
8629, February 2017,Great,"Great location, nice room, overrall it was a great stay for me. I would definitely return. The staff was friendly and very helpful. It was literally near everything in Times Sqare. The view was also Great!!",5
8630, February 2017,Very good location of row hotel where I like and fantastic experience in the hotel. Very nice staff and model rooms,"Very good the coffee mechine, the table, the bathtube... Every staff is responsible. even the guard at lobby. so I felt very nice and comfortable during the trip. the breakfast was good, healthy and tasty. only the elevators run slowly, so we had to wait more long time. I hope stay in Row Hotel on next trip.",5
8631, February 2017,Great Stay,"Perfect location (around time square and theatre district). The room was lovely and very clean. And the city view was too die for. Gezennia Cortez was amazing and very accomadating, great customer service.",5
8632, January 2017,Short break,"Stayed here in January, room was very basic. Make up on the tiles of the bathroom when we got there. I left my wallet in the hotel room and the next person who stayed there found it and left me a message to say they were leaving it to reception for me. Reception would not answer my emails or anything. Emailed them plenty of times and emails being ignored.",2
8633, December 2016,Very basic but great location,Hotel is in a great location and the lobby and restaurants were very welcoming and nicely decorated. Hotel corridors felt aged and room was very basic and cold. Bathroom had a sliding door which didn't shut properly and provided very little privacy. Beds were very small and uncomfortable. It was very noisy but this is expected in New York. I chose the hotel for the location and this certainly didn't disappoint. Perfect location for tourists wishing to see main attractions.,3
8634, February 2017,On of the worst hotel experience I have ever had!,Make sure to pack your ear plugs! Got in at 00:00 and got room 932 which is just behind the elevator shaft (imagine sleeping next to high speed train - this is not a room a guest should ever be put in!) called the front desk which told me there are no rooms and tomorrow they will give me another room - and guess which room I got 3rd floor on the street- just to be sure I do not sleep another night!,1
8635, February 2017,"Great city hotel, good value for money!","Great hotel! Amazing location, 5 minutes from centre of Times Square. Good value for money. Room was clean and basic, comfy beds, lovely shower, exactly what you need for a city break. Concierge was fantastic and could not do enough to help. Wifi was really good. Would stay here again if we returned to New York!",4
8636, February 2017,good for short duration,"good place to stay for an overnight or maybe two nights. room very small Hotel very convient for NYC activities such as shows, resturants ect. taxi readily avaialbable subway nearby staff curteious room very clean but small elevator system very efficient",5
8637, February 2017,Great location but some noisy rooms,I took a ready noisy room but had to move next day. A few staff member appear arrogant to me (maybe too many customers in NY). But I managed to move to a quiet room with a nice view cor next two nights.,4
8638, February 2017,Cheap and cheerful,"I had read some bad reviews after I booked this hotel so was very apprehensive about staying. I was pleasantly surprised. It was clean and tidy. The staff were helpful. It is a very busy hotel, close to Times Square and cheap so only to be expected. I think for the price and location definitely worth booking",4
8639, February 2017,Horrible,"Check in was horrible and they lost our reservation. Loud hallways, maid was outside our room waiting for us to check out. Completely small room. Never returning and wouldn't recommend. The only upside was the location.",1
8640, February 2017,Reservation accuracy/staff not helpful,"Reserved room online and was not given the bed/room setuo i paid for because they were ""sold out"" I wasnt told it was sold out while reserving online and the person working front desk wasnt very understanding of my situation",3
8641, February 2017,Great hotel for the price!,"I payed about $600 for 4 nights which was a lot better than most places a couple blocks from Times Square. The location of the hotel is GREAT and the street is so lively. I hardly interacted with the staff, so I can't say much about them. Overall, great hotel for the price!",5
8642, February 2017,31st Birthday,"for the price and location and style of the hotel it was great. Rooms are small but so what. Hotel has 6 mini restaurants and a bar. Very stylish and again, excellent hotel. I would stay here again. Check in was the only con... arrived at 9 couldn't get a room until 3 but they do have a free bag service.",4
8643, February 2017,Great location,"Centrally located. Great food options on the main floor. Affordable price makes it an attractive destination for large groups, which may impact some travellers' experience negatively. Encountered challenges making a reservation from a third party, though staff was willing and able to find solutions.",4
8644, February 2017,It's was okay,"Was upset when I arrived and kiosk machines didn't work for easier and quicker check in. Room was clean. Bathroom was a little dirty by sink area. Other than that, no complaints. I enjoyed it for the night I stayed there.",3
8645, January 2017,By M.,"The hotel is very centrally located, is perfect for visiting the city by walking. Tthe beds are very comfortable, but the shower is too small. Excellent cleanliness and the look of the hotel very nice.",4
8646, February 2017,Amazing Value,ROW NYC location is central to everything Times Square. Super easy to walk to the many attractions in the area as well as the subway to get to other places. The check in process was so quick and smooth. The elevators are fast. The room was small but clean and cozy. The bathroom was cleanish but had some hairs in the tub that freaked me out a bit. Being in Times Square means that the traffic noise is pretty bad too. But it's to be expected in the city that doesn't sleep!,4
8647, February 2017,"Great location, clean, friendly staff","brilliant location, Rooms were cleaned daily, friendly and helpful staff, the only thing I have to nag about is myself and my partner had breakfast included with our stay and it was an extra 50 pound each and all we got given was a pastry and a drink, just eat your breakfast out there's plenty of places! New York is a fantastic place and this hotel is a perfect place to stay! Will 100% be visiting again soon!",4
8648, October 2016,Love hate stay,"Booked an accessible room. Only thing ""accessible"" was a low bed. Narrow doors, No grab bars or roll in shower. Moved to Comfort Inn for a better, cheaper room. Missed the bar & City Kitchen though!!!",3
8649, January 2017,Short stay,"Excellent location and rooms lovely and clean. The only negative point is the reception area is very dark therefore not very welcoming. Queues for checking in were ridiculous, and receptionist not very welcoming. A nice smile and feeling like we mattered might have been nice. Overall experience was good just a few things let this hotel down.",3
8650, February 2017,Kinky Boots vacation,"The hotel is in the Times Square area. Surrounded by the Theatre District. The hoteL is huge and nicely decorated. There are 8 Elevators to service the hotel Guests. Concierge Service, Print services if needed.Bed was super comfy too.",5
8651, February 2017,Excellent Service,Myself and my fiancé stayed here for 3 nights. we checked in with a lady named Gezennia and to say she was amazing would be an understatement. she made sure we were able to extend our stay by one day and was very polite. the hotel is awesome and located in the heart of time square with easy access to the Port Authority subway station. beautiful views and such a polite staff made this trip very worthwhile. i would recommend this hotel to anyone. so ROW NYC form me to you thank you for making this trip one for the books.,5
8652, February 2017,A GOOD ELECTION,"The security of the hotel is perfect, the staff are really nice and kind and they're always looking forward to help you. The location of the hotel is perfect for visiting the city by walking. And the beds are very comfortable. But the shower is too small.",5
8653, February 2017,Fantastic,"Just been checked in by German Romero. What a great start to our trip. Fantastic service from German. Made us feel so welcome, helped with our questions & was very professional. Couldn't recommend more highly. Thank you.",5
8654, February 2017,Amazing Experience,We have just arrived at the ROW and what an experience we have had already. The receptionist German Romero gave us outstanding customer service and has made us feel really welcome on our first trip to NYC.,5
8655, February 2017,Excelent,"Excellent experience,The hotel is very centrally located. Staff very attentive and helpful. The staff at the entrance, breakfast and counter excellent. Excellent cleanliness and the look of the hotel very nice. The manager of the bar should be more ethical is the only complaint on my part.",5
8656, February 2017,Awesome Hotel!,Stayed at ROW for business. Great hotel. Room was spotless. Staff was very friendly and overall service was excellent. The location is really combiner for my work and for going out in to the action at night. Highly recommend staying here!,5
8657, February 2017,Highly recommended!,"My husband and I travelled from Ireland and stayed in the hotel. It was reasonably priced, clean and comfortable to stay in. Excellent location and very friendly and attentive staff. We had one problem which was quickly rectified. The room was spacious snd clean. The bed was comfortable and there was very little noise from outside. A very enjoyable experience. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. The location meant that we could walk to all the main points of interest.",5
8658, February 2017,Ok,"Air con to much noise! Great location, some friendly staff..some just doing there job! Expensive bar , but very, very busy hotel, because of this we wouldn't stay again. The wait for the lift to get to your room after a full day of travelling is ridiculous",3
8659, February 2017,Feb 2017 reviw of Row NYC hotel,"Overall this hotel is good value for the money. Location is all and this hotel is very well located. It is comfortable and rooms ar ""cozy"" - i.e. quite small, Staff are friendly & helpful, albeit understaffed,. The time for check-in has gotten better but is still too long. You can't really get room service on the phone - the internal phone system is a mess - you have to go down to the lobby and talk to someone at the desk if you want more blankets etc. The first time we stayed there they upgraded us to a larger room for free, the second we stayed there (just last week) the lady at the desk indicated we would receive a free upgrade but this did not appear to be true - we were moved into the same type of room on the 12th floor from our originally designated room on the 4th",4
8660, February 2017,Perfect!,"It was valentines day and I came in from Orlando to see my significant other. We spent one incredible night in this Hotel. Gezennia who helped book the one night stay was the best. We had a nice sized room, very clean with a king size bed that was on the 14th floor which was an awesome view of the city... We had a bottle of champagne waiting in our room when we got there. Also, received complimentary beverages for two down at the bar. And, received complimentary breakfast for two. The price was great! It was a wonderful experience! We will definitely be visiting again soon. I highly recommend this Hotel when visiting New York City.",5
8661, January 2017,Close to everything!,"This hotel is great! The Staff were all really friendly and helpful. The room were clean and spacious. We were on the 5th floor so it could be kind of noisy due to traffic outside, but that's what you expect when visiting New York! The hotel is just 1 block from times square and a short walk away from most other tourist places in NYC. The elevators are strange!",5
8662, February 2017,Great Location Close To Time Square,"The Row NYC was a wonderful hotel that was extremely close to Time Square. My overall experience was pleasant. However, the check in and check out process could use work. There were extremely long lines even when you pre-registered and paid the fees. Definitely upgrade to something bigger than the standard room.",5
8663, February 2017,good,good place for visit. i recommended the hotel ROW with friends mi experience is very good the location is very good the food is excellent the amenities very good housekeeping good room service good near to atractions,5
8664, February 2017,"Bad personal, good hotel!","The hotel reception staff which was my first contact was unpleasant. The girl was Hispanic and I told her that it would be easier if she spoke to me in Spanish, she gave me a bad face and the first part spoke to me in Spanish after a couple of minutes I returned to speak in English. It was neither courteous nor friendly, it would be all I would criticize.",4
8665, January 2017,"Mediocre, expected more, although great location","We visited in January & was really looking forward to our stay. I'll start with the good points; - great location, few minutes walk to Times Square and walking distance to everywhere. -house keepers were fabulous. -great places across the street for breakfast. Bad points; - had to keep going to reception to reactivate room keys, very annoying when you're on the 17th floor. -Some women at hotel reception had terrible attitude. -room was very small, no space to put anything. -unable to control room temperature, was always too cold or hot -unable to book late checkout even though our flight was 10pm. -reception area was very nice, but not a true representation of the actual hotel. The hallways were tired and in need of new carpets and painting. -Shower leaked all over",3
8666, February 2017,Great!,Great friendly check in. German Romero made us feel welcome and helped with with everything he could. He also checked us in very fast with his magnificent touch typing! Room was lovely. Can't wait to come back here.,5
8667, February 2017,The one row NYC,As a frost time to NYC we're expecting a lot and row NYC deliverd in a big way from the ease of checkin to rooms the only little thing was the beds were a little hard for my liking other then that will highly recommend this place,5
8668, February 2017,Amazing Hotel,"It's my 2nd time in NYC and first for my other half, we booked through Virgin Holidays which was very convenient. Location was excellent. Staff were amazing. The guy who checked us in was very helpful and advised us to change our rooms as we were staying for a week (no request needed, just advised us to see front desk in the morning). Front Desk Associate Douglas was very helpful and has managed to sort us a new room. There was a little incident with our third night but the manager Reina and Rich (plus another front desk staff) have promptly helped us and sorted the problem very quickly. Staff were polite and courteous and will greet you every time you see them. Baggage handlers and porters were very helpful.",5
8669, February 2017,30 min wait time for elevator,"Elevator wait time is awful. Some waits are 10-20 mins. The worst was 30 mins. Got there and they had a tech issue with booking so had to do a new one. They ended up charging me more than the ""deal"". At that point just wanted to settle in. Moldy bathroom. Location is in Times Square if you like that but too touristy for me.",2
8670, March 2016,good location,"the location is good. the room is quite small but clean. i find that it was always busy so was hard to get service. (maybe it was just a busy time when we were there, i don't know) the elevator takes awhile as its always crowded. all in all though our stay was average.",3
8671, February 2017,"Good in general, not so good for online shoppers...","The hotel is very good. Its clean, lots of elevators, food choices, great location and you can check in and out with your mobile phone. Early check in is only U$50. But the prices charged to receive packages (if you buy anything online to send to the hotel) are a little bit too much. U$5 per package, per day, cost me in the end about U$200 expenses only to receive the packcages of things I ordered online. Also, room 421 is just on top of the gym, which is open 24 hours, meaning that when -crazy- people are lifting weights at 1 am, your will listen to a VERY LOUD sound and your room will shake a bit. Dont know if the whole 4th floor is like this, but in my room was really, really loud and shaky. I was awaken many times because of this.",4
8672, February 2017,Good hotel impressed me a lot,"A good trip with a good hotel. This was a great stay in New York City.If I will back to NYC again , I will choose Row, too.There was still something needed to be improved. Staff please clean the rubbish in the guest room as quickly as possible.",5
8673, February 2017,Brilliant location,This hotel is perfect for a long weekend break in New York. Nice and cheap and great location. The only negatives I would say is the lifts are not great. When it's busy it's a free for all to get in one and you can be waiting for a lift for quite a while. Also the bathroom was very small and the rooms could do with being a little bit cleaner.,3
8674, February 2017,"Clean, quiet, little room","Clean and well-maintained room. Heating unit was quite loud. Comfortable bed and convenient water stations. Check-in and out process was easy. Staff was well-mannered and helpful. The lobby vibe was cool and upbeat...like a sort of hip nightclub. The property is very well situated in the theater district, right around the corner from Times Square. Plenty of eating spots, coffee houses, and things to keep you busy.",4
8675, February 2017,Excellent Hotel with a perfect location at Times Square,"A realy good hotel in Midtown New York nere Times Square. The Lobby and the restaurants were very good and had a lot of different kind of food to choose between. I especially loved the yoghurt at District M. Nice helpful staff and nice rooms with realy comfortable beds. There was long waiting time for the elevators and our key cards stopped working almost every Day, that was enoying. Nice gym that was available 7/24 that was a bonus.",5
8676, February 2017,All my values were missing,"If you are under 25 is ok. I stay only one night. Before I check out all my values were missing, I comply and they appeared, the say it was a mistake, Is very ugly to know someone took all your staff as a mistake",2
8677, February 2017,Poor customer service,The hotel is not bad.. but they need to improve te customer service.. wen i was there. Just 2 of 8 elevators were working.. i stay in the 16th floor and i ask to security if they have a diferent way to go to the rooms and he say just NO.. we asctually ask for the emergecy stairs and he says theres no stairs.. but we knew tha they have it.. the rooms are ok but they need to fix few things,2
8678, January 2017,holiday,"this was a fantastic holiday in new york , the ROW NYC was an Excellent hotel the staff could not do enough for us and also the room we had on the 28th floor was wonderful and had lovely views from the windows",5
8679, February 2017,Good central hotel for good price,We stayed for four nights and enjoyed the location of the hotel: it is very central and ideal for a lot of locations. We also walked to Greenwich Village and Central Park. The rooms are small but comfortable and the bathroom is practical while not huge.,4
8680, February 2017,Very Good!,"A great hotel in a perfect spot, you are just few steps away from all NYC action! Broadway shows, times square, rockefeller center, central park, empire state and many metro stations. Very good hotel, good experience",4
8681, February 2017,Great Hotel,"We arrived late due to a weather delay at the airport, but we were very happy with the decor and style and especially the location of this hotel. My biggest complaint was the elevator was quite slow and very small. Otherwise I have no valid complaints. Id stay here again.",4
8682, January 2017,"Good youth hostel, terrible 4 star hotel","The price of this hotel is reflected in its quality compared to either the Westin or Marriott which I have started in which are nearby and are both so much better than this hotel. The previous comments about queues at both reception and the lifts are true as we took 40 mins to check in and often had to wait for the lift, but it could have been worse as a party of 100 young people arrived just after us !! The hotel feels tired with ripped and frayed carpets in the corridors and chipped pair on the walls. The bedrooms are small but generally clean and the beds were comfortable. The bar was little more than an extension of the reception and although 12 beers were on the menu only 4 were actually available, with neither draft beer being available. However the prices at the bar are",1
8683, February 2017,Nicenplace,"Room was small but very cozy my wife and I loved it. Bed is very comfortable. Excellent staff. Hotel is in a great location right across from johns pizza. Walking distance to Madison Square Garden ,times Square and Broadway",4
8684, February 2017,Wonderful hotel,"I absolutely loved this modernized hotel in an amazing location!! Very well kept!! Room was a little small but that was to be expected!! In sure food, bar, cycle gym! You even get a collapsible bottle! Friendly helpful staff!! We'll be back soon!",5
8685, February 2017,"Great hotel, amazing price. Just budget some extra time.","This is a really great hotel and the price is incredible. Its a blend of Kimpton and W Hotels. But it is also a very large hotel with many hundreds of rooms, so the only real catch is that reception and the elevators can get very, very busy during peak times. If you budget extra time then the hotel and price is awesome.",4
8686, February 2017,Perfect location,"Will be staying here again. Great value for money, great facilities, friendly staff, a 2 minute walk from time square and a short bus ride to both uptown and downtown. Also loved the little resturants attached!",5
8687, February 2017,Simply wonderful!,Its so close to times square and in great proximity to all of the theater district and lots of delis and diners. The room we had was so cute and big. The lobby was also very nice and contemporary. We will definitely be back again!,5
8688, February 2017,Helpful,The staff was very helpful with all questions. The hotel associate who assisted me upon check in (Zac) answered all questions in a professional and friendly manner and helped resolve an issue I had with my booking. Will definitely stay again when I return to NYC. 5 out of 5 stars,5
8689, February 2017,Expected better,"- Bathroom was disgusting. Took 3 hours, and had to explain myself 3 times to 3 DIFFERENT people for someone to not even come up and not clean the bathroom cause we were running late for dinner because we waited so long - The elevator line was too long for the amount of people that were actually staying there that weekend Upside: - close to everything - ambiance of overall hotel was nice and modern -the bar was nice",3
8690, March 2016,The crossroads of the world!!,Great location close to Times Square! The elevators take ages to come and the system allocates you an elevator based on your floor. Security is good as they check if you have a room key before you get to the elevators. Room service(cleaning) was a bit erratic but good when done. I'd highly recommend this hotel. Walking distance from Port Authority terminal if you've come form JFK on shuttle.,4
8691, February 2017,Row review,"Often I had to wait up to 10 minutes for the elevator. In the meantime, big crowds formed around the elevator. This definitely needs to be addressed. Another thing, the bar downstairs serves drinks all day long, but does not offer any food choices until 5pm. Not even a small bowl of nuts.",4
8692, March 2016,"Great location, small rooms.","The location is excellent plent of places to eat and drink nearby and just a short walk to Times Square. The room was small but this is normal for rooms in New York, we stayed for five night and didn't have any problems.",4
8693, February 2017,Quirky hotel...,"Enjoyed our trip to the Row this November.. . *Room was small, despite being a upgrade & was a little dated (artex ceiling, retro lol) however it was spotless & had a great view of the city and the Hudson. *Lifts were fine anytime before 9.30am, after 9.30am - different story, very frustrating waiting 20-25mins! *We were told check in was from two only to arrive at that time to be told to come back at 4. *Wifi was great - good for keeping in touch with people back home. The hotel isn't the fanciest but its clean & you won't get a better location, it's right in amongst the hustle and bustle of NY with so many good places to eat, drink & for transport to other areas.",4
8694, February 2017,3 first timers to NYC,"Great location!! We were out for 14-18 hours each day. Everything is close by. Well, by their blocks. Our Canadian blocks in Van. are a lot shorter. Lol We will definitely be back soon. Warmer weather.",4
8695, February 2017,Great place to stay for a get away weekend!,"The hotel is in the heart of the action, close to everything, I had an amazing view of the city from my room. The valet parking with the AAA parking package makes it so reasonable. The hotel staff was helpful and friendly.",5
8696, February 2017,Terrible room,The room was extremely hot and there was no Ac to turn it down. We didn't have a tv remote and the ironing was broken. The elevators were shut down and when asked to use the stairs they said there was none which is a lie because you need stairs for fire evacuation,1
8697, February 2017,"Lots of paint, very little wow","We were excited to see this property as it has been shown to us on several emails. The computers were down at check-in, the attendant did not give us our welcome package, when calling to ask questions about our stay, the employee had no answers. The bartenders and bellmen were fun! The room was clean. The hallways dark, the carpet torn and the paint peeling. Great location. Easy access to the subway, dining and the shows.",3
8698, February 2017,"Great place, great location, great service!","As soon as we walked in the front lobby we were impressed. I still remember the tag line ""We're more New York than New York"", that phrase resonated with me the whole time I was there. The location on 8th avenue is perfect for those looking for nightlife, dining, and entertainment.",5
8699, February 2017,One Night,"Check in was slow because two check in locations we taken up by people having problems. Their problems we resolved while the rest of us waiting in line. We keep being assigned to elevator ""D"" which was always the slowest for some reason. Other that that it was a good stay. easy check out.",4
8700, February 2017,Na,Sink was clogged and wouldn't drain very well. Can hear everything from the next room as if there wasn't a wall between us. Seems that only 2 elevators were functioning so had to wait 15 minutes one time to get to the lobby,3
8701, February 2017,It's okay; don't let the pricing fool you!,"They are not honest about the pricing until the day the bill comes and it's twice what they advertised. Load of extra fees not told about. It was nicer as the Milford Plaza. Not sure I'll stay here again,",3
8702, February 2017,3rd time & still love it !,This was my third time staying with row for fashion week & as usual everything was great. There just some issues with the elevators & was a lot more overcrowded than I've seen in the past. It also probably wouldn't hurt to look into how to improve & organize the check-in system in the future.,4
8703, February 2017,TERRIBLE!!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!,"When we arrived there was no one here to help. We travelled from out of state and when we arrived they would not allow us to use the restrooms until we checked in and had a key. Only good this was they held our luggage for us so we could wander the city. They were unable to confirm our reservation when we called several times to verify. Is was very scary since we already prepaid and they just kept saying ""it's probably there"", not very assuring. Then once we got to our room, it was so small and we were missing several items from our room. We had to call twice to get the items because the first time the only brought half of what we asked for up. The shower had black hairs all over the shower wall and tub. So GROSS!!! We also had no hot water and being a freezing day in Feb I feel",1
8704, December 2016,SERVICE IS 5 STARS = JUNIOR from the FRONT DESK IS AMAZING,"This review is a year late...but that is how memorable our experience at ROW was. It is even more memorable after staying in a different hotel this year around the corner and being utterly disappointed in comparison to ROW. The customer service at ROW was impeccable and warm. Especially, the young man named Junior who treated us like we were celebrities. Let me assure you i am a total stranger and I will never forget Junior and how he treated me and my boyfriend so wonderfully. There is no service like his. Thank you again and i hope you see this review! He gave us a great view- we clicked on the wrong size beds by accident online and he immediately changed it for us. He even gave us two options. He took the time to give us directions as well and he was just amazing. He deserves",5
8705, February 2017,Painful,"Very busy downstairs 24 hours not relaxing ,room was of good standard .Shower not to powerful but was hot . Breakfast was hit and miss as the staff didn't seem bothered ,some good staff a lot of lazy staff but this is NY",3
8706, January 2017,Great location,"First time in NY. Great location. Free wifi, plus you can use the computers in the lobby to print boarding cards. Didn't use bar/restaurant as we were out and about. would stay again if I come back to NY.",4
8707, February 2017,Very near Times Square,"This hotel is good, clean, well located and employes are very fast and dedicated, was a good experience, the bathroom is very small but usefull. At evening the pub is great to integration with others guest.",4
8708, February 2017,Disappointing experience,The hotel has a very nice lobby and entrance is chic and appealing. Location in the heart of midtown is also excellent. Checkin process was also smooth and the guest service rep who checked me in was pleasant and professional. Unfortunately this is where the positive experience ended. I was very disappointed in this hotel for the following reasons: 1. The first room I checked in to had not been cleaned thoroughly. The toiletries of the previous guest were still in the bathroom and the room had also not been vacuumed. The shower was also unpleasant. Squishy floor of bathtub as if there was water between bathtub floor and bathroom floor. I requested to switch rooms. 2. In the rush to switch rooms (I was in NYC on business and had little time to switch rooms) I left behind an,2
8709, February 2017,Low bROW,"Friends and I regularly make the trip to New York most years, and normally stay in hotels in East Midtown. When the Hotel Row came up this year, we decided to give it, and the change of district, a go. Situated one block west of Time Square on 8th Avenue and 44th, the Hotel Row punts itself thus:'Minimalist-style rooms & suites in a hip contemporary hotel with a trendy pizzeria & fitness center' (sic), and goes on to say 'The Row NYC hotel has pioneered a new era of individuality among Times Square hotels by meeting NYC’s signature urban grit with grandeur. Row NYC transforms your stay into a completely contemporary experience'. Our appetites whetted, we turned up last Thursday and the fun began. Checking in was an abrupt, cold and verging on rude experience for all 8 of us.",1
8710, January 2017,A good place to stay,Great location. We stayed for 6 nights. We had 3 nights quad share which was extremely cramped. We then changed to 3 nights twin share and a new room which was a disability access room. It was really big with plenty of room for us to move around and have our suitcases out. Both rooms were clean and well maintained. We had a really lovely lady see to our needs when changing rooms. All staff were friendly and helpful. The location was excellent. The price was excellent for what you get. I would stay here again when visiting New York.,4
8711, August 2016,Definitely won't be there again,"The hotel was extremely busy, you literally bump into people trying to go inside. Check in took forever, check out was a nightmare. There was one night where they locked us out of our room because my credit card froze.. Not to mention the tiny rooms with no space to place your luggage, and the sliding bathroom door that won't close all the way! The ONLY good thing is the proximity to Times Square.. Definitely wouldn't try Row NYC for my next visit",2
8712, February 2017,Worst hotel ever,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I'll tell you why: 1 - The staff is very rude. I mean totally and ridiculously rude. 2 - The room is way smaller than it seems when you book it. 3 - The AC has two temperatures (too hot or too cold) 4 - I payed full price before even coming to the US. Yet, my grandmother and I were locked out of the room in our second day here, because ""you didn't pay for your room"". 5 - The manager apparently thinks that the wrong one is the costumer and everything is the costumer's fault: When she saw I had paid for everything, she didn't appologize, help or anything. She said all is paid, I'll send someone to unlock the room. 6 - When I finally get to go to my room I have the very unpleasant surprise of seeing the room unorganized. When I went",1
8713, February 2017,NYC,"Probably won't stay here again. Uncomfortable beds and pillows. Extremely small bathroom for a premium room. Great location though. Staff was nice, especially room service. Enjoyed our trip overall....",3
8714, February 2017,Good Times Square Hotel,Hotel was cool and happening. There was a bit of a wait st check in. The lobby was hopping and the City Table next door with a few food and coffee options was convenient since outdoor was cold and messy. We had a 12 floor room with a city view. The room was adequate but some of the drawers were chipped making it look a little cheap. Tiny bathroom. There was a wait at the elevator banks almost always and then people would jam in to a very uncomfortable level of being in my personal space. I would go back except for the claustrophobic elevator issue. Very convenient to walk for Broadway shows.,4
8715, February 2017,nice central location,"the hotel was very nice, clean,and friendly. the hotel is very trendy only criticism is the elavator system as it only seems to have two working for the hotel, one morning we were waiting 10minutes on elevator.",4
8716, January 2017,"5 Night Trip to New York, excellent location","Stayed here in January for a last minute trip with my fiance. The hotel was perfect for our trip! Turn left and left again or right and right again out the hotel, keep walking and you are on Times Square. The subway is very close. Excellent location on 8th Avenue. Staff were friendly and helpful. Used the concierge on the last day. We stayed on 14th floor, was still pretty noisy, but this hasn't changed our views of the hotel, we're staying near times square...it's going to be noisy! If your room has 2 beds, sleep on the one furthest from the window, as this helped us to sleep. Would definitely stay here again!",5
8717, February 2017,Row NYC did not disappoint!!,"Book it now!!! Don't hesitate. Great rates!! Just steps to amazing Broadway plays and musical, Times Sq. Walk ability rate 10!!! Clean rooms with European feel. Staff friendly and helpful. Early bag ck in even if your room isn't ready! Get to NYC early drop your bags in a secure place and Go Explore!! It is also connected to City Kitchen which has a variety of eats to choose from. The only thing that was slightly unexpected is that many others have found out how great this place is and so the lobby is always filled with people coming and going. Ps I love the room key which doubles as a luggage tag when your done with your stay!!",5
8718, June 2016,Good value and location for NYC hotel,"The location of the hotel cannot be beat for anyone wanting to be in the center of all the attractions in NYC. The hotel is a block away from Times Square and only three blocks away from 42 St - Port Authority Bus Terminal Station which takes you to LGA and JFK. Because of the location, the hotel is very busy with guests and group tours. It's perfect for those who want to stay a few days. Furthermore, the rooms aren't large but they can fit four adults. The only downside for this hotel is the check luggage during the day. The line up for this service can take up to 30 minutes during check out! Beware and get there early if you can. The front entrance of the hotel also lacks a ramp, which forces people to either carry their luggage to and from the second level because there",4
8719, November 2016,My brief stay,A 3 night stay. First time in New York . Great atmosphere. Very efficient. Very clear directions. My thanks to the porters who really watched out 4 everyone leaving. They are great ambassadors. Would recommendthis hotel to anyone doing a solo trip like myself.,4
8720, February 2017,Will definitely stay again,"After reading so many reviews, I was expecting a lot LESS. The staff was very friendly, check in was simple and quick, elevators sometimes a bit of a wait, but at a hotel this size, what do you expect? It smells great when you walk in. Loved the trendy rooms, and all the different accents we heard while there.",5
8721, January 2017,Worst hotel i have stayed in for years,"I guarantee you will have a 30 min wait at check-in and probably have to queue to use the lifts. The hotel is tired with ripped carpets and chipped paint. It was full of teenagers the 2 days we stayed. one night the bar area, which is really an extension of the lobby was closed to guests. Our friends had to move room due to the damp i the room and the resultant small. My advice stay at the Westin round the corner.",1
8722, January 2017,Fantastic staff,On a recent overnight stay prior to a cruise my friend lost her wallet it was returned by johnathon security who we never got a chance to thank in person Paris on reception helped us track him down although we never saw him my friend wrote a thank you note Paris was a treasure this hotel is extremely busy but the staff are excelant the rooms are small but the beds are really comfy excelant location sliding door on the bathroom quite dirty behind this cleaning team need to be better led note to the manager look after your very good staff.,3
8723, February 2017,"Great location, easy check in helpful hotel staff, easy to navigate.","Loved every minute of our stay, fantastic location and lots to see and do within walking distance. Ultra efficient hotel staff who were always happy to help. Highly recommended for couples . Will definitely be returning.",4
8724, February 2017,Excellent!!!,"The bathroom was a little small, but the water was hot and the shower had good water pressure. Everything else was excellent. My new favorite hotel! The room was clean, bed was comfortable. Great location! Walking distance to Broadway and Times Square.",5
8725, February 2017,Awesome staff,"I really enjoyed my stay. My experience was great! ""Sha"" took great care of us at the front desk. Her patience is unmatched! I will be staying here again. This was a great birthday trip! The restaurant is awesome amazing.",5
8726, January 2017,Disappointed,Room was very small. bathroom was more like a cupboard. Staff very much a lack of. booking in very slow as 30/40 guests and only one member of staff who was very p***** off. heater/air con unit very noisy and didn't work properly,1
8727, February 2017,Quite clean hotel,"We were met by friendly staff. The room was spacious. The room service, i.e. cleaning and making up beds was excellent. The District M served good breakfast. Securities at the lifts (elevators) during evenings. No complaints at all.",5
8728, January 2017,Row Hotel NYC,"This is a big, busy hotel right in the centre of town. The first night we got there we were given a fairly depressing and noisy standard room right at the back overlooking a light well. We complained and to give the management credit, they moved us to a nicer room within 24 hours. You can't beat the hotel for situation (a couple of minutes to Time Square) but it's a big and busy place which probably lacks some of the character of smaller hotels further out. It was a great place though to be based and in reality, we didn't spend that much time in the hotel itself.",3
8729, January 2017,Fantastic,"Myself and my partner stayed here for three nights Jan/feb. It is in the heart of times square so a perfect location to stay for shops and restaurants. I emailed the hotel the week before we flew out to ask for a room with a nice view and mentioned the trip was for my birthday and when we arrived we were given an upgraded room (our friends stayed here too and our room was huge compared to theirs) the view of times square was fab and there was a bottle of Prosecco, a chocolate cake and an invitation for free breakfast waiting for us. Germany who checked us in was lovely as were other members of staff we came across. I had previosuly seen reviews saying this hotel is dirty but i found it clean, the bed/pillows were comfy and thats all you need for a trip to NYC as you will rarely",5
8730, January 2017,"Great location, but not much else going for it","I would just like to start by saying that i have actually previously stayed at Row NYC in April 2015 and that stay was actually perfectly fine, however the duration of our stay then was only 3 nights as opposed to 10 nights this time. All i can say is that the hotel has gone down hill badly since then. The whole bad experience started at check in. We travelled from Australia to get married in New York and arrived at the hotel at 10am following 33 hours of travelling door to door. I had e-mailed the hotel prior to our arrival notifying them of our arrival time, asking would it be possible to get an early check in after such long flights, and especially as we had 4 suitcases with it being our wedding. They informed me they would do their best to accommodate us, but we would have",2
8731, February 2017,not comfortable for buisness trips,the hotel is always crowded. u always wait several minutes for elevators although they are dispached automaticlly by floor number. has only Mac computers. ran out of regular milk for coffee before 9am.,2
8732, January 2017,"It was fine, was not bad was not great. Front desk was not very accommodating when we checked in, the hotel is very old.","It was fine, not great. The front desk was not very accommodating when we checked in. The hotel is very old. The bathroom was updated and clean . The food in the upstairs restaurants area was fantastic I ate at the Mexican place.",3
8733, February 2017,"Well located. Be aware: unfortunately, resort fee increases rate","Row is very well located: nearby Times Square and subway stations to everywhere in the city. (It is very easy to take the subway to JFK airport!!! This was a very important point in choosing this hotel) There are always lots of people coming in and out the hotel, because it is huge. I was confused when I arrived, because there was a big line just after the door. It was not the check-in line (which is upstairs - take the elevator on your left to get there, as soon as you enter the hotel). The check-in was fast. The reservation was pre paid and we were aware there was a resort fee: we payed USD 20/day for the room. The resort fee increases the hotel rate. You can pay the fee at the check-in. There are 8 elevators (letters A to H) to the rooms and it could take some minutes to",4
8734, February 2017,Cockroaches,We had a cockroach in our room we went to reception and the lady was pretty dismissive moves our room to a smaller dirty one we requested to move again which they did the second lady was helpful! We moved it was cleaner to be fair but not to a high standard I even found someone's dirty ear bud next to my bed! Best thing about the hotel is the wi-fi,1
8735, January 2017,Stay at ROW in NY January 2017,"Hotel in a great location, nearby every place. The key factors to improve is the small rooms with bed in poor conditions to sleep well. Also, I bit noise, and requires cleaning and modify the carpets of corridors and rooms needs to be replace. Needs upgrade (painting and improve conditions). Also, had no coffee machine neither refrigerator in rooms.",2
8736, February 2017,Looking forward to going back,"Wonderful hotel. Friendly, helpful staff. Really busy at times but managed well. Trendy. Nice rooms. Warmed bathroom floors! This is now my go-to hotel any time I'm in NYC. It really is right in the middle of everything.",5
8737, February 2017,Very good Hotel if you stay in a room with queen size bed or higher.,Our stay in the ROW NYC Hotel was very nice. It is near to a lot of subway stations and in 5 minutes you can reach the Times Square. We had a room with a queen size bed and it was good cleaned. The ROW has very friendly stuff which help you if you have any questions.,4
8738, February 2017,Best Bang for Your Buck,"I have stayed at The Row the last ten times I visited New York City. It's so convenient to plays, museums, restaurants and subways. Friendly staff and affordable. City Kitchen is also a bonus. Make sure to get a donut at Dough!",5
8739, February 2017,Lame brakfast at Row NYC,"Breakfast package was unacceptable, only one drink (coffee or juice), one piece of fruit(one!!), one croissant (one!!!), no refill!This on a 4 $tar Hotel.Bar personnel should trat customers adequately and not as probable food stealers!!!Very unpolite and careless about their service!Reception personnel also very cold and impersonal ...after an 8 hour flight we were greeted not with a smile or a welcome gesture but as potential suspects of whatever; we were not even given a tourist map of NY!!Which is basic courtesy!!!I have been in many European Hotels and never but never did I have such a mediocre stingy breakfast!!",2
8740, February 2017,Worst hotel ever,Too noisy out of hotel. Because of close brodwaystreet &time square. No heating system during staying. The engineer was nice even we called him 3 times in midnight. Only one good thing about hotel was good location,1
8741, February 2017,Love this place!,"We stayed at this hotel for four days, there's nothing to complain about their excellent servics, the location and everything. We can see the traces the room has been renovated in the room or especially in the bathroom, but it's not what bothers us that much. Overall, we had so much fun staying this hotel and it's awesome!",4
8742, February 2017,Hidden chargers,"The rooms are pretty small but it is a nice hotel. There is a facility charge added to the bill which isn't clearly advertised or explained. Apparently it is for the ""free"" wifi and the use of the gym which we didn't use! We left feeling a bit ripped off and it spoiled the end of a great trip to NYC",3
8743, February 2017,Most unfriendly and unprofessional staff ever,"The only good thing about this hotel is the location. Cleanliness, staff, service are a disaster. When we arrived we were made aware of an additional US30 charge per night for unlimited phone calls. Whenever we tried to make a call we got the message: Line is busy due to heavy calling. Mattresses are too soft and cause back pain. First room we were put into on the 12th floor was a shoe box. Water pressure in the rooms is a joke. Dont bother putting the DND sign up cause everyone is ignoring it anyways. One of the worst hotels we have every stayed in.",1
8744, February 2017,Really nice Central Hotel,"Overall our experience was good at this hotel. However checking in was a lenghty process. The aircondition/heating was rather noisy. The room was kept very clean. We went to NYC to celebrate my husbands 40th birthday. I had told the hotel we were about this. They surprised us with a free bottle of prosecco , chocolate cake and a free breakfast. This was such a lovely gesture and we really appreciated it. The hotel is in a great central location to times square and all the broadway shows. Also a short walk to all public transport. I would recomend this hotel to anyone.",4
8745, February 2017,First visit,Amazing hotel with friendly staff. Everyone did all they could to make our stay pleasurable especially Douglas! All the staff were really nice and polite. All offered help at every opportunity and nothing was too much work,5
8746, February 2017,ROW NYC,This is a very nice hotel in a superb location close to Times Square and other attractions. This was my 3rd time in ny but my fist staying at row . I will definitely stay here on my next visit . Staff were all nice and helpful .,5
8747, February 2017,Stay at row NYC,The hotel was in an excellent location and was very nice to stay in. The only downfall was the room was not as clean as I expected it to be. The bed sheets was dirty and the bathroom wasn't very clean.,3
8748, February 2017,Brilliant for us,"Third time for us too stay at this hotel, will not be the last. First person to meet on check in Douglas, one word for him brilliant. Nothing was to much trouble for him. The same applies to, Karina (thanks for 2412) Anne & Patrick for their lovely welcome. Should also mention German Romero & the two concierges Milton & Junior. Last but not least housekeeping. Excellent location for all the sights. Nice bar, sweetshop, restaurant, gym in hotel. Can not understand the negative reviews on this site.",5
8749, February 2017,Lifts,"Everything is great in the hotel apart from the lifts,there were very slow and when you had been out all day you just wanted your bed the lifts took forever to come. So if you could improve this them it perfect .",5
8750, February 2017,Hidden Charge!!!,Sneaky Hotel added MANDATORY charges!!! You think the room is one price so you book and when you arrive there are hidden Mandatory CHARGES for internet whether you want them or not. This is just a sneaky way of hiding the real price of the room and should be against the law!,1
8751, February 2017,"Good value, great location","Our first time to stay at Row. We had planned only for one night but the blizzard-that-wasn't resulted in a cancelled flight so we were glad to be able to extend our stay to 2 nights and have a bonus night in NYC. The hotel exceeded our expectations in terms of location and good value. The only thing that would make it better would be complimentary coffee and newspapers but we didn't have to go outside to get coffee, and the included internet was great. My only complaint is the $25+ 'resort fee' which is quite irritating, especially when I was charged it for each night of our stay.",4
8752, February 2017,A modern facade,"The hotel was disgusting. They try to be modern and hip, but they literally just covered up the crappy walls with painted boards. The rooms were extremely small, which is fine, the issue I had was the cleanliness. The bathrooms were absolutely disgusting when I first entered and the front desk was super unhelpful. I'm usually fine with a messy area being a college student and all, but I paid for a really expensive room to take my boyfriend on a nice trip to NYC for an early Valentine's Day trip and this hotel was dreadful. Only giving two stars for the breakfast, which was amazing, and the check-in/out process, which was super great because you can do it over your phone.",2
8753, February 2017,Ok,"Nice, comfortable and modern. Crowded. Excellent location, near Times Square. The staff is very kind. Good concierge. No mini-bar in the rooms but water available. The ""City Kitchen"" inside the hotel has plenty of meals' options.",4
8754, February 2017,Lift sucks,"Waited 20mins for the lift. They should do something about it. I climbed down the stairs as I was running late waiting for the lift and the thought of going back to my room or out of my room, I am getting tired already. You will never wanna step out of your room cos the lift is not functioning well.. and there's fear of going out or coming back. Room was passable for a night or two Location was great as it's near time square.",3
8755, February 2017,AMAZING,"Had Zac help check us in, instead of the premium room he asked his manager and gave us an amazing suite for the night due to there not being any premiums left!! Thank you Zac!! We'll definitely be coming back!!! :)",5
8756, February 2017,Great hotel close to everything,"Loved how close to everything the hotel was! Very convenient! The room was very nice as well except for the fact that there is the odd shelf in the shower that is just level with the head of someone who is 6 feet tall so of course you have to crouch or move to avoid banging your head on it. Other than the shower, everything else was nice!",4
8757, February 2017,Just one smile in 5 days,"Problem with incheck . Arrogant woman in with no feeling for service . Mistake vith incheck . Wanted us to move after two days , Voucher and payment for five days presented when incheck. Cancelled one meeting to get this correct. No excuse from hotel . Overall arrogant behaviour in reception excluuded one man in pink shirt who tryed .",1
8758, February 2017,"Great location, comfy beds","We arrived to a long line up for check in. We skipped it all by checking in online and getting our keys at the kiosk. Rooms are tiny but efficient and functional. Bring a hairdryer. Linens were clean but walls and floors were a bit grimy. A small amount of mold around the bathroom faucet. Walls were very thin but we didn't have an issue with noise (perhaps just lucky). The heater / aircon unit was pretty loud which we actually liked for white noise so we didn't hear sirens, neighbours etc while we were trying to sleep. I'd stay here again.",4
8759, February 2017,Staff at this mid-town hotel makes it a special experience!,"This hotel is priced and finished as a mid-range hotel in the heart of mid-town. The staff treat you like it is a 5-star luxury brand. From German at the front desk working miracles on a computer billing glitch with grace and humor to the housekeepers helping with special requests, the staff is consistently the best thing about this hotel. That says a lot, because location is perfect. You are within a 30 second walk to three theaters (including Phantom) and at least 20 different restaurants. Speaking of restaurants, we ate breakfast at the Hotel District M snack bar (had a promo we found on the hotel website) and the staff there was a pleasure. Anyone working with the public and a ""special"" would get burned out, but I saw them answer the same questions over and over with a",5
8760, February 2017,Great location and place to stay,"My best friend and I stayed here for 2 nights and it was great! Location is fantastic and the people are very helpful! Rooms are small, as well as bathrooms but it's NYC. Don't stay in your room the whole time! Definitely would stay here again!",4
8761, February 2017,Well worth it!,"Just checking out and really don't know what anyone has to moan about. It's clean, comfortable and in an ideal location. Staff are pleasant if you are pleasant to them. They have jobs to do and get on with them. The rooms are on the small size but you only sleep and freshen up in them. They have safe, wifi, showers, bath, hair dryer, iron and board. All in all value for money. Had a great stay!",4
8762, February 2017,In the heart of it all!,"Treated my boyfriend out for his birthday, we checked in, and went to see the Lion king on broadway which was right around the corner. Times Square is a block away with so many attractions and places to eat. Book in advance to get a better deal on your stay. I looked at the price the day I checked in and I saved $200 booking a two months in advance.",4
8763, February 2017,Very Good Hotel convenient for the Theatre district.,I really liked staying at this hotel. The staff were very welcoming. The rooms were small but had everything you needed. I had a slight issue with the radiator (would not turn off even thought I turned it off several times at the wall unit) but other than that it was good.,4
8764, February 2017,Not for me,"Very handy for Time square 2 mins, Central Park 15 mins ,and shows 5 mins, plenty of restaurants, but a very noisy hotel did not sleep the two nights we were there.If you enjoy partying it's the place to be ,if over 70 not sure this is the place for you",3
8765, February 2017,Not a good value for money,"The fact they charge $30/night extra for 'high speed' wifi, filtered tap water and use of the fitness was a problem for me. In our room having a wifi connection was not even garuanteed, sometimes it worked sometimes it didn't. Maybe it was the location of our room in the building maybe not, I don't know. But if you're charging that much a night the least you'd expect is that it works. So the advertised free wifi is not true at all. The location is good though and the beds were comfertable. So in the end it was a little overpriced for what it is.",2
8766, January 2017,Excellent central location,"I was slightly apprehensive about staying here based on mixed reviews on this site. We were pleasantly surprised. The room was a decent size, although the bathroom was very small. Both very clean and serviced on a daily basis. Bar/cafe was nice, although one evening it was closed for a private function and we were advised to hotel to a bar across the road. Our check in was speedy and trouble free, we did see some queues (lines) of more than 30 people waiting to check in. Would definitely stay here again, primarily for the location and good value.",4
8767, February 2017,Great location for Times Square,"I would have mixed reviews about this hotel. Positives - location, room big because we had the disabled room, reasonably quiet for the location, they kept our luggage safe while we explored on our last day. Not so goods- the room decor tried to be modern but came across as the student dorm, they was no information in the room about facilities or check out, there was no tea or coffee in the room. But did see another reviewer said you could ask for this but with no information in the room how would I know. Reception staff didn't explain anything. Negatives - the elevator system was awful, the cockroach in the food area was yucky.",3
8768, February 2017,Sad I can't give it 5 stars,"This is one of my favourite hotels in the city. It's in a perfect location if you are a tourist or work around midtown area. For me it was great I was a block away from my office. The best part for me was having dough doughnuts literally connected to it. I am a massive fan of their doughnuts and this was incredible. However, when it comes to the hotel itself it's a standard midtown hotel. Rooms are cramped, when you ring concierge no one answered, I called like 5 times had to end up going down myself. When I first walked in I had no proper sized bath sheets/towels. The biggest nightmare is the lifts, my god those lifts are horrible. They have 6 of them yet I have had to wait for 15 minutes to get on one in the mornings. Plan leaving the hotel allocating time for this as it's",3
8769, February 2017,Best hotel lobby service we've ever had ever.,"We had the PLEASURE of having Shantelle check us in at the lobby on our arrival, she was truly amazing. FIRST OFF she noticed my birthday was a week before we arrived and went out of her way to make me feel special, saying happy birthday and other kind words to me, SO SWEET!!! Secondly she upgraded our room as a birthday surprise from her to me!!! I couldn't believe she was doing all of this for us but I was so grateful she did. And if that isn't enough she continued to hook us up with FREE drink tickets, FREE gift cards to sugar, FREE tickets to breakfast.... I've never been treated so generously in a hotel and she made us feel so special!! Thank you again Shantelle you made our trip to this hotel better than we could have imagined, 10 out of 10 will absolutely stay here again",5
8770, February 2017,Great location,Location is perfect for shows and plenty of places to eat Irish bar 2 min walk and bus station 5 min staff were very helpful can't fault it will book this hotel again city view room is worth the extra,4
8771, February 2017,February trip,The hotel is in a great location for the theater . But this time the room was way to small for a couple. No place to put anything on one side of bed. No room to walk around to that side. Very disappointed in the room !!,4
8772, October 2016,Location and rooms are great,"My parents and I arrived there very early and with a lot of luggage. The desk attendant was really nice to us and offered us a room upgrade so we could fit in the room with our luggage (according to her lol). We got a top floor room with a beautiful view of the river and two glasses of champagne a day. It couldn't get any better. The room was clean and big. We are very glad they received us there so well. To make things better, the hotel is affordable and the location is great, it's next to Times Square and the main subway stations. You can easily go anywhere from there. I am definitely staying there if I ever go to NY again.",5
8773, February 2017,"Great hotel, great stay.","First time in New York City, just got home yesterday and couldn't really fault the hotel in any way. Didn't eat there so can't comment on that, but the room was clean and warm, comfortable beds and great wifi.",5
8774, January 2017,visit to manhattan,"hotel very central,friendly,professional staff.great selection of food,rooms very modern.a great place to base yourself to visit all the tourist sites.it did not have a great selection of food for coeliacs(my wife is coeliac),",4
8775, January 2017,"Dark, noisy, too large.","We stayed in this hotel as part of a 3 day package prior to a cruise. We did not book the hotel ourselves. Arriving late after a very long day of travelling, it felt as if we were booking into a railway station. The decor of the hotel is very dark. The open plan nature of the reception / bar area means that sound carries so it is extremely noisy. At that time it was full of teenagers, other groups and loud music. The reception area is huge and far from inviting. There is a bar area which forms part of the foyer but there is no where quiet to sit, have a drink and chat or read. The reception staff were efficient and business like. However, the huge scale of the hotel meant that we did not feel like valued guests and it may be that a place like this is not ideal for a",1
8776, February 2017,Business Guest,I travel to NYC very frequently and every time for at least 6- 7 days. I usually stay at the ROWNYC. This time I had a very unpleasant experience and was my last time at saying at this hotel. The consurge was very rude when asked fix the broken printer so that I could print my boarding pass.She did not help was very annoyed that I even approached her for help. All the other front staff were very busy and was the only per behind the desk with her coffee.,2
8777, February 2017,Row NYC,"My stay was great!..I was in NY on Business-- it was quite, the WIFI worked and the room was clean! what more can you ask...oh yeah, and the price was RIGHT!!! The location was good for me...I was at a show at the Javits and could walk back and forth",5
8778, February 2017,Super hotel at a great value!,I love this hotel for the location and it never disappoints me. The rooms are small like a boutique hotel but there is everything I need except a coffee maker. There are lots of great food options with city kitchen attached. Nice lobby restaurant and bar.,4
8779, February 2017,Only one minor drawback,"We have stayed at the ROW NYC many times over the years. Even when it was under renovations. We always enjoy our stay. Have had rooms on every side of the building. Always very clean, quiet and comfortable. On our most recent stay we were waiting unusually long times for elevators going down which we never experienced in the past. Finally you can't beat the price for what you get and the location!",5
8780, February 2017,Unbeatable location! Stylish lobby,"Small ""dorm-like"" rooms but very clean! Incredible location, wonderful staff, trendy lobby with upbeat music, great gym, great breakfast, comfortable beds. German Romero was very helpful at check-in. Beto was the BEST at the ""district m"" breakfast bar! I'll come back just for him.",5
8781, February 2017,Great holiday!,"The hotel was clean and modern the beds were comfortable and the location was great, we enjoyed staying here, the carves cafe across the road was convenient for our coffees. We loved that the rooms got cleaned everyday and after long days of sight seeing it was comfortable to come back to. The water in the bathroom was always hot and they replenished our supply of shampoo shower gel etc everyday. Great place we can't wait to come back!",5
8782, January 2017,Location location!,"Perfect location. Central to everything, specifically Times Square, Broadway, Central Park South and Empire State to name a few. The hotel staff are friendly and approachable also. The room was a little warn. Broken blind with stains and minimal space. Guests are expected to pay a $108US service fee on arrival on top of funds withheld as a bond. This fee includes internet, international calls etc. Unfortunately this is not an optional extra and I was not aware of this fee until check in. Beds and pillows are very comfortable. Rooms are perfectly made each day. Perfect for travellers who are more concerned with getting out and about and are planning minimal time in their room itself. Would definitely recommend for sight seers and travellers looking for a central location.",4
8783, January 2017,Very good,"Stayed for 10 nights and enjoyed our stay, only issue was waiting for our room to be ready when we arrived even though it was late afternoon. Lifts are a bit slow, but nice clean rooms and really friendly staff.",4
8784, January 2017,Very small but great location,"At first I was very shocked at how small and cramped the room was. Was not expecting it to be this tiny. But then I had to remind myself that we were in NYC and it's very common for rooms to be small. There were also 3 of us in the room so 2 double beds which didn't help. If there was just my partner and I with the one bed then I wouldn't have felt to cramped and living in such a tight space. I wasn't a huge fan of the bed or pillows, I had a couple of sleepless nights due to it. It also got very hot in the room, we had to keep the air conditioner on otherwise it was so stuffy, and we couldn't open the window due to the extreme smell of Indian food that stunk out our room. Also the place got quite noisy occasionally throughout the night with the pipes, but again not sure if",4
8785, January 2017,Great stay,Very nice hotel and very clean would recommend to anyone that is heading to newyork. It is in a great spot and there is everything's at your doorstep.. the service was next to none. The only thing is is that the bed rooms or very small..,5
8786, January 2017,"My room very small, hot","I can't change bigger room even I want to pay, they rely on their email system to upgrade, and if I'm not press the upgrade on the Email, they just give u small room, the lift wait so long every time waste time to go in and out, and I don't really like rock style for hotel, not cozy and comfort!won't choose again.",1
8787, February 2017,Hotel from hell,Filthy room. Party hotel. Not suitable for families. Phone chargers were stolen. Guests were smoking pot and the smoke was filling my room up where my pregnant wife and I were sleeping. Had to check into a different hotel and security didn't do anything about it. There's also a taxi and prostitution racket being run from the hotel.,1
8788, February 2017,February trip,Fantastic location. A block away from Times Square so a 2 minute walk. Breakfast facilities were great. Subway right across the street. Bar area of the hotel was lovely. Had a great stay and would definitely return. View from the room was great too!!,4
8789, February 2017,clean the room,"I stayed 4 days, one of them the room never was clean. I phoned front desk, conciege, lobby, nobody answer the pone ! I went down to the lobby, and the man attending, told me that he can not do anithing (was 10 pm), only send me towels.",3
8790, February 2017,Fantastic Location,"We stayed here for two nights as part of a package deal whilst waiting for our Caribbean cruise to start from New York. On arrival the hotel is very impressive from the outside. Inside, the lobby was clean enough and reception staff were friendly. The room on the seventh floor was tiny. There was only about 12 inches of floor space around the very small (4foot) double bed. Having said that, the bed was very comfortable and we slept well. The shower/toilet was on scale with the bedroom and equally tiny, but the shower was ample with plenty of piping hot water. I'm not sure what our room cost as it was part of a deal, but we did have to pay $40.00 plus tax for a facilities charge when we checked out. We were also supplied with free wifi and free telephone calls, including",4
8791, November 2016,Great stay for the NYC Marathon,"Stayed here for 2 nights while visiting / running the NYC Marathon. The kids loved the views of the street below - it is so close to Times Square so it's action packed. The noise didn't keep us up but I grew up in NYC so if you want silence, the 8th floor is probably too low to keep it out. Honestly hotel guests in the hall were louder than the cabs below. The hotel is charming and has a nice little food court inside of it. Close to all the Times Square sights and inside is charmingly painted with scenes and decor makes it homey and more full of character than a regular hotel. Wish the food court didn't close at 9pm though- after the race and dinner I really wanted a nightcap :) All in all a solid stay- good size room for nYC too- the beds though were not comfy at all. My back",4
8792, February 2017,"good experience, only some details","It's a Great location, near Times square, The hotel is good, only can improve some minimal details. The hotel is nice. but the rooms are small and a little noisy. So if you are looking a nice place near times squere Row hotel is a very good option",4
8793, February 2017,Great Location,"Really great location, the rooms are on the small side but they are clean. Doesn't have amenities such as coffee etc in your room but the location and fun vibe of the hotel make it a great place to crash for a night or two, I mean its NYC, who's staying in their room longer than to sleep and shower?!",4
8794, February 2017,Nice stay at the ROW NYC hotel,We spent 4 nights at the hotel. The hotel is very well located (10mn from Time Square). Not easy to sleep because of heating system. Don't forget your earplugs. The hotel is very bug and there is sometimes traffic jam at the lift to go to your room. Positive experience in general,4
8795, February 2017,Fun Trip,"Friendly service, great check in experience, room was clean, amazing location. I would highly recommend this stylish hotel for anyone wanting to stay in midtown. Close to the train and all midtown amenities.",4
8796, February 2017,Row hotel,"Great hotel in a great location, just back from Times Square with access to all the sights within easy walking distance. Great service from check in to checkout, rooms perfect as a base to drop gear a catch some sleep. Only slight gripe was the wait for the lift from the 11th floor took some time but that's nothing really.",5
8797, February 2017,Good location,"The hotel is in a very good location. And Times square is just a few blocks away from the hotel. Very easy access to restaurants, gift stores and public transportation. The only problem is that it is a little noisy at night, probably because of the great location though.",4
8798, February 2017,Great place,This hotel is great place to stay in New York. Everythings are around the hotel and hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Location of the hotel is few steps from Time Square. There is also a very nice bar.,5
8799, February 2017,Good hotel in a great location,"We stayed at Row NYC for 4 nights as part of a trip for my partners 30th birthday. I let the hotel know in advance of the birthday, we had booked a Deluxe City View room and when we checked in we were upgraded for free to a corner deluxe city view with king size bed. We also had a free bottle of Prosecco and happy birthday message delivered to the room on the first night. Thanks Row! The room itself was a good size, a little tired around the edges but very clean and the bed was comfy, rooms were cleaned each day and we had no complaints. We knew about the resort fee of $30 a day before we arrived so that was no surprise. We made use of the wifi and made a couple of calls back home to England from the room phone which were included in this fee. Even with the extra resort cost",4
8800, January 2017,Loved it!,"Fantastic location!! Incredible!! Room was bigger than I was expecting and decent view onto buildings and streets. Room very clean which was good. Staff were ok, not too friendly but looked past that. Hotel was quite basic in some ways but exactly what we were after. It was the location & I got fab deal. Would recommend and go again",5
8801, February 2017,Very Comfortable,"Stopped over for 2 nights and everything good! Very fast check in, room very comfortable and clean and it was quiet. All staff we encountered were friendly and helpful so all in all a positive experience.",4
8802, January 2017,Pre cruise stay,Good location easy walk to Central Park and Times Square easy to catch the subway Easy to gat the subway and air train to and from the airport probably quicker than a taxi And cheaper Only down side no tea or coffee making facility,5
8803, February 2017,Best hotel,"Hotel was right in the center of everything, clean bedding and towels everyday, lovely staff and very welcoming hotel, nothing was to much to ask , defiantly recommend to everyone. Food there was great 😊",5
8804, February 2017,Very central,"We loved this hotel, as it was very central to Times Square. Would have liked a kettle in the room. The safe wouldn`t lock twice, so we had to wait on it getting fixed. Didn`t like the extra charges for water, phone calls, gym, these should be optional, as I bet not everyone uses all these services, you don`t have time! We had room 303, which was huge, with 2 double beds, and a large bathroom with nice toiletries and fluffy towels. Bedding was very nice, lovely pillows too. We had a view of the road, with all the hustle and bustle. It`s true- the city that never sleeps, gets quieter around midnight to 2 a.m, before the fun begins again!.",4
8805, January 2017,Great experience,"287/5000 Just be careful if you order something for you, the hotel charges $ 8 per package, which I did not know. I do not know if this is a rule in the US or if a specific charge applies for this hotel. If this is a rule of this hotel, unfortunately I will have to look for another one on my next visit to NY",4
8806, February 2017,"Dark, Claustrophobic hotel",Rooms are small. No refrigerator in the room. Hallways are small confusing with strange wallpaper of what looks like carnival food stands. Dark lobby. Slow elevators and even slower check in process. Maybe they are understaffed but still shouldn't take as long as it did to check in,3
8807, February 2017,Experience,"Very good location. The hotel is in a great location. To the rooms you need a coffee maker and mini-fridge supplies, which you do not have. Everything else is very good. Very recommendable for the location and the good treatment of the staff",4
8808, January 2017,Great location,The only time we were in our room was to sleep. The bed could be better. I would suggest to have at least 4 pillows. We only got 3. Overall it's a good place to stay. Great location. Close to everything. The subway station is about a block away.,4
8809, January 2017,Great location Great time,"Easy check in, vibrant lobby, good room, comfy bed, great room darkening shades, and a perfect location for a broadway weekend. We walked to both the Javitt's center and Central Park. The area dining choices were too numerous and made it difficult to choose.",4
8810, February 2017,"Great location, great price.","I have stayed here many times. I am usually binging on Broadway shows and the location is perfect for that. The rooms are small and though not fancy, they are clean and comfortable. I have no plans to stay anywhere else.",4
8811, February 2017,Buyers Beware: Extremely Disappointing,"Around 5pm we showed up to the Row NYC to check in for our stay. We waited online for about 25 mins to get checked in, which was fine considering it was the weekend. However, as we were getting checked in, the receptionist told us that they somehow were sold out the room type that we booked, which seems a little ridiculous given that now everything is booked on computers and ""overbooking"" is generally a thing of the past when it comes to hotels. By the way - this was after the receptionist already charged my card the $50 incidental deposit. After asking where our new hotel would be, we were given a location that was 15 blocks away, on 7th Ave, across the street from Penn Station, so it was extremely noisy, and this is coming from someone who stays in Manhattan frequently. The",1
8812, January 2017,Noisy outside at night,"Noisy outside at night, but i guess its the common reason for a hotel located in the center of Manhattan. So if its for a business purpose, you might need think about it. front desk Douglas is very helpful. I liked his service.",4
8813, February 2017,Worst stay of my life,"The hotel is very cheap for a reason. You won't be able to sleep properly, shower or relax. The staff won't help because they are always busy and with no will to help. We stayed because of the amazing price and decided to ignore the bad reviews. This was a mistake.",1
8814, January 2017,Good hotel!,"Good hotel! Excelent location! Cozy hotel. District M, the bar is Nice, DJ or band everyday and you Can not hear from the Rooms. The Bed and the shower are good. Clean room. Few receptionists compared The occupancy of The hotel. Need to hire more receptionists.",5
8815, February 2017,Great location. Nice room,"The location was great, literally a stone throw from grand central station and times square. However the rooms are very small even when you book deluxe queen, you are better off booking a room with two double beds in to get a bit more space. The bathrooms are very small but the shower is really nice and the rooms are clean. Downside is you are forced to pay a facilities fee even if you are not planning on using international calls or the gym which I think is unfair. Patrick and Thomas are great managers.",3
8816, February 2017,Great hotel right in the heart of the City,"Stayed for five days last week for my 50th Birthday in New York ,had a third floor superior room plenty of space two double beds . Ideal location for Times Square ,Empire State Building ,Rockefeller centre ,near Hells Kitchen area for eating out .Close to Times Square Subway for heading downtown to 9/11 ,Statue of Liberty cruises or Brooklyn Bridge . Room had large toilet with bath and shower , the room did have some traffic noise but hey its in Central Manhatten and this is the City that doesn't sleep . We did have a small problem with safe not working twice but maintenance were up twice to fix it . It is a busy hotel and people from all over the world ,we didn't dine at hotel or have breakfast there is the rest of Manhatten to venture out into . Would recommend if you want to",5
8817, January 2017,"Great Location, Value offer.","Location is central. Room size is decent, value on rate paid was good. Lines at checkin long and plan your arrival around rush hour or buy the option for early checkin. The solo cycling club was fun and market place has great choices for food",5
8818, January 2017,Good,"Good location, near time square with excellent restaurants. Just wow customer service was the worst during my trip. Needs improvement in the reception. The guy maintenance was very friendly and the managers, Nicol and Patrick helped a lot, finding refrigerator to maintain my medicine, try to compensate the worst customer service, giving extra hours for my check out.",3
8819, February 2017,Decent for price but small,"Rooms are small and bathroom tiny. There isn't adequate counter space in the bathroom (basically no counter at all) and no fridge or microwave. Cleaning crew did not refresh some of our items such as hand lotion, cups, etc. which required us to find them to ask for more.",3
8820, February 2017,Love it,Great experience. Stayed here twice and enjoyed it as much both times. Refer everyone to stay here when they tell me they are visiting NY. In the middle of everything and there is a restaurant plus sugar factory attached to it.,5
8821, February 2017,Not as good as the photos,Photos on the website make this hotel seem much better than in real life. Rooms are small and basic but practical. Thankfully with New York you don't tend to stay in the hotel room that much. I was a bit disappointed after emailing the hotel twice about it being my partners 30th birthday that we got absolutely nothing extra even though when I rang they advised me to email. Bar in the hotel is really nice and hosts a completely different vibe to the rest of the hotel.,3
8822, February 2017,Not what I expected,Hotel is very trendy and located in a great place especially for seeing any Broadway shows. the rooms are quite small and they are located extremely close to each other. our room was located between elevators and sprinkler room. each morning we were awoken by droves of people using the elevator and each night it was non stop whooshing from the elevator running next to our room. Had very high hopes for this location but the placement f the rooms are just very unorthodox.,3
8823, February 2017,Mother / daughter shopping spree,"This is about the 5th time staying at Row, and it's always a lovely experience, my 16 year old loves it!! It's a very convenient area, close to Time square and all the shopping areas, also City Kitchen is always a delight and around the corner is the Broadway shows and the famous Guys restaurant",5
8824, February 2017,Would come back again!,"We enjoyed our stay at ROW. The room was clean, comfortable as was the bathroom. Cleanliness is the most important thing to me as far as hotel rooms go and ROW did not disappoint! We did not utilize the breakfast place and regretted that immensely.",4
8825, February 2017,Unfortunate Customer Service,The front desk staff were not helpful. I booked 2 rooms for our trip. Once there our party tried to book a 3rd room. We asked the front desk if there were any other rooms available and the woman wouldn't even look to see if that was an option. Concierge went to a voice mail. Sales desk went to a voicemail. The rooms were relatively clean but do not plan on asking the staff for help as they are either unavailable or not willing to help point you in the right direction.,1
8826, February 2017,Row nyc - one night stay,"Room was smaller than expected and the service was average. the staff were not so friendly when I checked in, maybe because they were swamped, but that's not the right attitude. I had to wait in line twice - once for checking in and later once for just getting the keys, since my room was not available for early check in (1 hour prior)",2
8827, February 2017,Fun in NYC,I loved the location. It was perfect to get to Jazz clubs and theatres. All on my todo list. The room I stayed in was the cheapest but there for was very small. The food court had many wonderful choices for food but it was hard to get a table.,4
8828, February 2017,"Ok, I'm sure there are better","There was a cold draft in room, I could hear the neighbor's conversation and TV, and had dirty shower floors. Really expensive food and drinks in lobby cafe called District M. Great if you're just looking for a place to crash.",3
8829, February 2017,Enjoyed stay but elevator situation is not good,"Enjoyed the hotel very much. Location was great, rooms were great! The elevator situation is horrible we waited long periods of time sometimes to get one and a couple times we had to take the stairs from the top floor.",4
8830, February 2017,"Great Location, decent rooms","There was some of what looked like mold in the shower, though I believe this wasn't indicative of the whole hotel, just bad luck and not so great attention on the service staff. Overall, great deal for the location and price.",4
8831, February 2017,fun night,"Every couple of months or so, my friends and I take a trip to New York and we stay at the Row. beautiful hotel, beautiful location and we always have a great time by the bar with the best bartender Raphael. Thank you again for the wonderful martinis!! will be back soon",5
8832, February 2017,Wouldn't recommend,"Location is really the only thing I liked First off, lady (I didn't get name) who checked us in was SOOOO rude! Didn't explain anything, give us advice on city like other hotels usually do. I don't think she even smiled. They charged us 300$ resort fee for 7 nights I thought this was highly excessive. Also charged us $250 incident charge (we got back when we checked out) but we were not prepared for this. Wifi was very slow, bed was uncomfortable. ""Complimentary international phone calls"" when the phone didn't even work!! Wouldn't go back...",2
8833, January 2017,Not like the photos,"The room was dirty, dated and small. There was a hidden charge of wifi, gym and water bottle which made the final bill very expensive. Not worth the money. It was more like a 3 star, not a 4 star. Very busy and had to queue a long time for the reception.",1
8834, January 2017,Row nyc,The Row NYC is perfectly situated in Manhattan 5 minute walk to Times Square lots of restaurants locally and free wifi very close to the Cruise Port which was great and all the main sites to visit where close at hand very good hotel for a short stay in New York,4
8835, February 2017,Great Location for Broadway Theaters and Time Square,Just a couple of minutes walk away from both shows we were seeing on Broadway. Price was right. Rooms are nothing special and our bathroom air duct vent had years worth of dust caked onto it despite being within easy reach of the housekeepers. The elevators were fast and efficient. The lobby appeared to have a vibrant bar scene. The bellman was especially helpful to check out bags before we checked in so that we could dash off to our show before checking in to the hotel as our flight had gotten cancelled and we arrived in NYC 2 hours later then planned.,4
8836, January 2017,"Location is fab, built for purpose","The hotel was lovely and with an amazing location. The rooms are small, however I have found that in most cities, however they are well designed and have room. I like the bathroom, The cleaners were amazing and the rooms were spotless. I would recommend as it was central and the hotel was good with lots of places to eat in walking distance.",3
8837, February 2017,Good hotel & great location,"Just back from 6 days in NY for my birthday, nice hotel, great location to Times Square & subway across the road. Hotel could be a little cleaner and it would be perfect. Room size was all you needed. Somewhere to store your luggage in the room would be good and more cupboard space for clothes but apart from that the hotel was great. We would definitely stay there again.",5
8838, January 2017,Great hotel,"Great hotel location! Close to times square, near bus terminal, subway station, etc. The room was small but the bed was really comfortable. Fun bar with great band on Thursday nights. Would stay again!",4
8839, January 2017,Great hotel,"The hotel location is incredible! right there at time square, near the bus terminal, subway station, etc. The room was small but very clean, the bed was really comfortable. The only negative thing about this hotel in my opinion is the expensive taxes at the end of the stay.",4
8840, February 2017,You want to stay here!,"The location is what convinced us to stay here 2 years ago, and is what brought us back again this year. You can get everywhere you need easily and without safety concerns. It is a busy hotel lobby so be prepared to wait for the elevator during peak times but otherwise it is a small price to pay for such a great hotel. We will be back.",4
8841, February 2017,Thin veneer to an old hotel,Awful place...rip off and whole online booking in was rubbish - no pillows we requested and mould in bathrooms - room upgrade was expensive and nothing was upgraded... maybe they see an upgrade as a higher floor?,1
8842, January 2017,Great stay,"Excellent stay at Row. Like most, was a bit wary of staying in mid town Manhattan due to small rooms. The deluxe room was very spacious and Row had provided a slice of cake as a welcoming gift. We also got two free breakfasts which we were not aware of. The room was clean on arrival and always tidy after daily service. Internet was fast. I was particularly impressed with the lobby area which seemed new and had good vibes with a band often playing at night. We didn't have any problems so we didn't deal with staff much, but Anne was very friendly and willing to spend time discussing what to do in NYC when we met her at breakfast. Check in and check out were quick, but we arrived and left not in peak times. Only complaint was that the elevators were slow, but seemed a small",5
8843, January 2017,Great location,"Stayed at the row hotel for 5 nights, checking was quick and easy, rooms are clean and spacious for a city stay, rooms cleaned every day, bar is hotel was reasonably priced, hotel is only 1 block from Times Square, lots of places to eat near hotel, Nathan's food court across from the hotel is amazing, mama's hot chocolates are tasty and so is the food. Hotel staff are helpful and the doorman is expectional. Even though this hotel is on a busy street you could not hear any noise from the hotel room. would recommend this hotel to all",5
8844, January 2017,The great experience,"The great experience must begin with a great hotel. Congratulations for you! The room service, bed, bath, view and recepcion. Come to New York begins go to Row. Great sense, great City, great hotel. A very great big Row Apple.",5
8845, February 2017,Best deal in NYC,"Best deal in NYC. Great location, nice rooms, and good gym. The hotel is right above the subway and has plenty of restaurants and sites nearby - literally in the heart of midtown / Times Square. Will definitely be back.",5
8846, February 2017,"very nice hotel, very good price for value","a nice hotel in a great location the hotel is nice but nothing special, clean, a nice hall, rooms a little cozy. The location is great, just a block from time square, and across the street the metro with connections for 4 lines",4
8847, February 2017,Convenience vs,"Convenient location with lots near. GREAT FOOD! Housekeeping & Guest Svcs over the phone NOT good. Old building that has issues with HVAC, per Engineer. Cosmetically pretty, but bldg. functionality was not.",3
8848, January 2017,Noce location. Regular staff,"The location is great the rooms are small but nice and more importantly, clean. Staff is not corteous. the lady at the check out was the worst of all, didn't explain anything and in my case just dissapeared. I got charged over 200 dolllars I don't know the origin and the DON'T explain.",3
8849, February 2017,RUNDOWN,"First thing first the lobby area of this hotel is very nice that's what attracts you. But as you walk down the hallways to you room you start to see some defects of the building, smell is old and smokey. My room had 3 gashes in the wall as if someone hit the wall with their fist or head I don't know I just know it was painted over instead of repaired. Bed frames were chipping off in chunks, the smell I the rooms smelt like pee (not a strong one) but as if they tired to get it out. Photos need to be updated because the hotel isn't the way it was when it opened not at all near like the photos.",2
8850, February 2017,Great Location in NYC,"We stayed here before and love the location! The hotel is clean and convenient to Times Square, Broadway, and the subway. The staff is friendly and quick to respond to any needs. There is ice on every floor and it's by a small market to buy essentials or gifts. The elevators come to you as you select them and there is a business center in the main lobby. Will definitely be back.",5
8851, January 2017,Great experience,I stayed at the Row NYC for a Thursday through Sunday and a great stay. The check-in was easy and Denise was very courteous and helpful. I was a little concerned about that from some of the reviews I read. It was a very happening Hotel. Thursday night they have a band at the bar and they were pretty good. Unfortunately the bar was closed on Friday for a private party. Saturday they had a DJ. The room was very clean and quiet. Housekeeping was always there early and respectful of the do not disturb sign. A little tight in the toilet area! The bed was low but comfortable. The location was awesome. Between 44th and 45th on 8th Avenue and just a short walk to Times Square. The elevators were unusual and at times a little slow . It was similar to the elevators at the Marriott,5
8852, February 2017,Great Location. Served its purpose.,"The hotel is in a great location to access the places I needed to be in for my overnight stay. While the hotel and room was mostly clean, it looks old due to the decorating in the hallways and rooms. Some might find it chic, I found it too ""busy"". There were a few spots in the room that were dusty. The bathroom was ridiculous tiny but most are in NYC so that wasn't a surprise. But if you are a bigger person, beware. It was relatively clean except for a spot or two in the shower. It was ""cheap"" for a NYC hotel and its location so I'm not expecting the Ritz so overall it was fine for my purposes.",3
8853, January 2017,Overcharged fees,"Besides having to pay mandatory fees of 20-30 dollars per day for services you won't use, you still have to negotiate with the receptionists to make sure the amount you pay is the same as the one confirmed in your reservation. After going through all that trouble, I finally go to my room only to find it was already occupied. They sent me to another room, which smelled like smoke and didn't have a remote control. In the next morning, when showering, the water turned black (yes black) during the shower. After I finally took a descent bath I left and on my way back went to the reception to ask how it would work if I would order something online to be delivered at the hotel, when they informed I would pick it up at the 24h souvenir shop inside the hotel. When my package arrived I",1
8854, January 2017,NYC trip,"I was in NYC for some computer training and stayed at ROW NYC and I was pleasantly surprised. Great accommodations. Room wsa nice. Bed was very comfortable. Staff was great. It was located in a convenient area, close to a lot of attractions without being too busy.",4
8855, January 2017,In the heart of Manhattan,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Row. The staff were always polite and helpful despite the often hectic pace at check-in. The rooms, though small, were clean and very adequate. We were delighted with the location since our visit was primarily to see the Broadway show, Hamilton. The hotel is walking distance to theaters and restaurants - a big plus for us.",4
8856, January 2017,"Not the Best, Not the Worst","I love the location of this hotel and the price was great, as well. I don't like that you can't directly request a certain size bed upon booking. I came with my friend and we ended up sharing a full sized bed instead of a queen, which wasn't an easy task lol. The rooms are small, but when you're only paying $117 per night in Manhattan, that's to be expected. I should probably add that I am in NYC for work as well as pleasure multiple times per year and have stayed in many different hotels. This one is a great value and has a lot of great features. The mobile Check In and Check Out are convenient, quick and painless. I have stayed in cleaner rooms, but it wasn't bad enough to request a different room. Staff is friendly and helpful. Would like to have received the",4
8857, January 2017,Was ok,"Great location, rooms were really small, really expensive for drinks and food in hotel, rude security guards, First night went down stairs at about 5 in the morning due to jet lag and there was 2 drug dealers just casually sitting in the lobby and as I went outside they offered me drugs, During day time when you leave the hotel there a about 7-10 leaflet people selling tours and you have to get passed each and everyone of them and do the same when you return to the hotel",3
8858, February 2017,Very basic and looks better in photos,"POSITIVES: -Excellent location: it's minutes walk to Times Square and it's on Eighth Avenue which is great for food -Friendly Staff -Nice Bar -Decent View -Comfortable Bed -Nice sized TV with a wide variety of channels -Stylish, spacious lobby -Apple Computers and printers to print boarding passes with ease NEGATIVES -This hotel is SO dated, but dressed up (on the cheap) to look modern -Wallpaper peeling off, and old fashioned wood chip ceilings -It didn't seem like it had been cleaned thoroughly, especially in places such as under the sink -$30 per night for wifi and phone calls. This was a huge negative for us because I felt that the woman who charged us was very unclear that it was per night - we repeated about 3 times 'Literally 30 dollars and that's it?' and she",3
8859, February 2017,Terrible customer service,"We booked reservations for this hotel (5 months in advance) for its specific location and also because we had friends staying there too. After a six hour flight, a twenty minute train ride and a cab through Times Square we arrived to find out that the hotel had been overbooked. No prior notification to us. We were forced to stay at another hotel, separated from half of our party (which also required cab fares back and forth). When we asked to speak to a manager & explained to her our frustrations and situation, the manager's response was ""irregardless it is what it is"". I will NEVER book with this hotel again. I know things happen. I understand the complications of unforeseen issues but they were not pleasant to deal with.",1
8860, January 2017,Recommended!,You can't beat the location - right there at Times Square. The rooms are clean and I felt safe staying there. It's a very busy hotel so make sure you take advantage of the pre-check-in. I will be back next year!,4
8861, January 2017,Nice hotel terrible staff,The hotel itself is very nice and modern and situated perfectly for exploring NYC! However rooms are tiny even by NYC standards. If there is two of you with a suitcase each forget it! We couldn't even fit them one on top of each other in the wardrobe. The stuck way out and we aren't talking massive cases here. We would need to put them on the bed one by one to get our clothes out and get ready as there was no where to actually put the clothes when u take them out ur case. No drawers and about 5 coat hangers in the actual wardrobe. With regards to staff rude and unhelpful springs to mind. Our flight was delayed and our baggage never made it on and was being delivered later that day. Front desk told us at check in this was usually at 11pm and to check then. Which we did to be,3
8862, August 2016,"Excellent location, room poor","So, the location of this Hotel is amazing! Literally one block from Times Square, and all the tourist attractions are within walking or train distance. There is an awesome lollie shop more or less built into the hotel lobby which we might have indulged in a little too much during our stay. The street in front of the hotel is VERY busy, trying to walk to and from the hotel is definitely an exercise in patience. Though is to be expected given how close it is to Times Square. The tour bus hawkers on the street can become very annoying as they try to gain your business and its a little off putting. Better to just grab yourself a map and go exploring on your own. I found the staff very helpful when checking in and the hotel is very modern in the foyer area. It can get very busy and",3
8863, January 2017,Review,"Really liked the hotel and the staff. And it's also close to everything in the city, the room was good and really clean. The next to the hotel is also nice. I'll sure comeback soon, I had a perfect experience.",5
8864, January 2017,"Cheap hotel, but you get what you pay for.","Right in the theatre district which is great but several negatives I'm afraid. Very noisy hotel; you can hear everything going on in the next room and in the hallway. Rooms smelled of smoke on occasion, and air conditioner did not work. We had to constantly open the window for fresh air, then of course it was freezing with it open. Window needed a weight lifter to open and close it though, as it was so heavy and clearly needed to be fixed. Half way through our stay, our safe ran out of batteries, locking all my belonging inside, but this was fixed quickly. No fridge provided and the one I hired, froze all our food. Loud male make voice through the speaker in our room announcing fire drill 4 mornings in a row woke us abruptly. When I asked how many more days this would continue,",3
8865, January 2017,"The Staff was Extra Nice, espacaily Mrs. Parizada Deno, she made my stay wonderful and super Nice, Thanks A lot Row","the location was great its near avery thing, the people was very helpful espacily Parizada Deno she made my stay very wonderful she was helpful, kind, and super Nice , next time i visit i will make sure my stay will be in Row, 5 star to you for sure",5
8866, February 2017,Not satisfied at all,"After I was checked into a dirty room I called and got no answer at any of the desk. I was moved to a room with no power, and I had no body wash in my bathroom I stay in nyc often this was my worst stay",1
8867, January 2017,Perfect location,"This is a great hotel and in a perfect location only one street from the busy Times Square, Rooms were good quiet small and not much hanging space for clothes, beds were comfy. So overall a good room. Every member of staff we spoke to were lovely, didn't have any problems to address.",5
8868, February 2017,High school group,We had a great visit to NYC. The row is perfectly located reasonably priced and the staff was very friendly. We expected small rooms and that they are. The only complaint we have is the cockroaches in the beds and showers. This is a pest problem that need to be dealt with.,4
8869, January 2017,5 perfect days,"I was slightly worried prior to my arrival because I had read some negative reviews but as soon as I walked into Row all my worries disappeared. The hotel is located so close to everything, we had tickets to see Kinky Boots, the theatre was just across the street and we could even see its sign from our room! The entire hotel is clean and beautifully decorated. Yes, the room is small but this is New York, if you are just hanging out in your hotel room you're doing New York wrong, get out and explore! I was very impressed with the staff, they were always kind, helpful and never frazzled even if there was a line of check ins or check outs. I work at a small 100 room hotel and my staff gets tripped up by the slightest issue so this was incredibly refreshing to see such a well put",5
8870, January 2017,Row NYC,"Great value for money and perfect location, internet speed is great, rooms are on small side but for amount of time spent in them it's not a big problem ,didn't eat or drink at hotel but others seemed to be really happy with it",5
8871, January 2017,its not good quality,"receptionist is friendly, check in and check out are quickly. location is excellent. you should be consider space room for your luggage. hotel is safe but noisy by next rooms.then i moved new hotel after 3 nights",3
8872, February 2017,Don't go here!,"I'll never come back in this place I swear. You basically pay for everything, even if you have paid the room and the tax then you have to pay for the use of the gym and the phone call... even if you don't use them! You have to pay in advance like 300 rmb per night more for those stuff even if you don't use them! Then everywhere in the hotel ask you for a tip, for everything! Including just leaving the luggage in the luggage store room. The location of the hotel is great but DON'T GO HERE!",1
8873, January 2017,L wright,Perfectly placed. The hotel is clean and friendly. Ideal for our short stay- no experience of dining facilities. On checking out the hotel was happy to hold our bags until our later departure to the airport. This allowed a full day sightseeing knowing our bags were safe at the hotel.,5
8874, January 2017,Very disappointed - avoid,"We arrived at the hotel and at first glance it looked ok Then we waited for over an hour to check in. Only two reception staff. When I asked why I was told that it was a 'quiet time of year'. Booked in 14th January 2017. It was like a youth hostel with large groups of teenagers everywhere. The room was small, dingy and unclean. We were asked for £250 bond money in case of damages. Our friends were asked for £100. Only difference was in who served us. We overheard a lady complaining about her room to members of staff who were suited and booted alongside security staff. She was simply asked if she wanted to leave! Appalling customer service. We were then kept awake by doors slamming all night and loud neighbours. A very unhappy experience for our first time in New York. Our",1
8875, January 2017,"Dirty Rooms, Terrible Staff","After finding ROW online, I arrived to my room only to find that it was small, dirty and located right next to the elevator––causing a terribly loud noise and overall shaking of the room. I called down to ask for a room change, and the front desk told me to bring my things down to the front. When I arrived at the front desk, approximately four minutes later, the man who helped me was rude, demanding I tell him who I had spoken to, and claiming that it could not be done. Once my room was changed, I got to another room where the lock was broken. I stayed the night, in a room with dirty towels and sheets. Mid way through the night a stranger entered my room. At this point as a lone traveler I decided that I would have to vacate and move to another hotel. When I arrived at",1
8876, January 2017,Amazing!,"My staying there was amazing. The staff was very welcoming, the room was comfortable and the service was incredible. I will most definitely book a room again in the near future. The hotel's location is so convenient.",5
8877, January 2017,Fantastic hotel!,"I absolutely enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I'm definitely gonna recommend any friends or family to stay here if they come to visit NYC. The staff was very welcoming, this place has a great location, and inside the hotel just looked amazing. My overall experience was great. I know I'll be back!",5
8878, February 2017,Excellent Value,We enjoyed our stay at the ROW NYC Hotel very much. Our main reason for being in Manhattan was to see Broadway plays and the location of the hotel was perfect. We also enjoyed using the facilities of the City Kitchen which was attached. We loved the quick service and newer technology of the elevators. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a reasonable price and good location.,5
8879, January 2017,ROW NYC REVIEW,Use mobile checkin. They are very kind to let you store your luggage until checkin time so that you don't waste a single minute of your trip. We also utilize the luggage storage on our last day so that we can continue exploring the city right up until the time we have to leave. The bellman is so courteous and will help you hail a cab.,5
8880, January 2017,location excellent for all sight seeing,Very nice hotel. The staff were very friendly . All in all a great time was had.The room was clean. The location was great for time square and all other attractions were easily accessed We only stayed 3 nights and we would definitely go back in the future.,4
8881, February 2017,Quick Trip,I loved this place. it was eclectic in design and very welcoming. the bed was comfortable and I even liked their choice of soaps/shampoos. Right in the heart of the theatre district. Great place for the price. Will definitely stay again.,5
8882, January 2017,The view from RM. 1239.,I was thoroughly impressed with the front desk staff. Nicole and Gina were very responsive in addressing my room change issue on a busy check-in day without issue. Dealing with so many customers I was impressed when Gina remembered me and called me out by name when I returned to change rooms the following day. This may not happen every day but it may my stay extra special. The view from RM 1239 was great. These details matter.... Thanks Ladies!,4
8883, February 2017,My Impression,"Service excellent - very friendly and helpful staff. Lobby music a bit too loud Room clean and very well equipped but perhaps a little 'tired'. Overall perfectly adequate for a few days stay visiting New York, a brilliant location - about 5mins from Times Square - and despite the noise from the street - I slept very well in a very comfortable bed.",4
8884, January 2017,Poor room and poor staff attuidue,Got to the hotel and had to que for an hour and half to get checked in. Staff were very unfriendly and unhelpful during this process. Got to the room and the room was very small and looked nothing like the pictures shown on the website. The bedding was dirty on the bed with stains. The bathroom was dirty there was stains on the floor and there was dirty cotton buds on the floor under the sink. When i told the cleaner about the cleanliness of the room she didn't respond and just walked away. Very disappoitment the pictures are nothing like the actual hotel on the website. Will not stay here again.,1
8885, February 2017,Great location but noisy room,"Stayed at ROW NYC for 7 days. Location is fantastic with easy access to subway and a 5 to 10 minute walk to time Square. Eating in the food area is convenient, reasonably priced and comfortable although there is restaurants and diners opposite the hotel. Stayed in room with 2 Doubles beds with myself, wife and elderly father. Rooms are very small but clean and tidy. We travelled from Australia so had quite a bit of luggage which was confining but manageable. Only negatives I have with our stay was the room was extremely noisy. Not sure if it was from A/c unit or whether we had water services/plumbing running in wall but it sounding like slamming or shutting water valves every hour or so ( like slamming doors),Enough to wake you from sleep. Approached reception but nothing was",4
8886, January 2017,Location,"Convenient location for many tourist attractions, a mob of tour guides hovers,on the sidewalk awaiting their next customers. Subway stop couple blocks away. Rooms are in line for price, facility fee is high. Overall a positive experience.",4
8887, February 2017,Could be better,"Again, the carpet was dirty, since you enter to the room was the first thing you notice The mattres needs to be replaced or upgrade That was very soft and in the edges feels like you are going to felt Dow",4
8888, January 2017,Great location; great price.,"Perfect location to see Broadway shows, restaurants, and shops. It's close enough to walk to Central Park and a short subway ride to Ground Zero which makes it a good location if you're there a few days.",4
8889, February 2017,Just what we wanted,"The Row hotel offered us a great location, comfortable beds, yfi, etc. the one complaint I would have is that the bathtub is very slippery so be careful when taking a shower. We were in town for a family event and it was perfect for our purposes. Check out John's across the street. Great pizza.",5
8890, February 2017,Amazing food and rooms,"The rooms were great, spacious and the staff at the bar were awesome! Thank you so much Anthony, Raphael, Jose & Kassala :) make sure to visit row nyc!! Came to new york for the weekend and thought why not ? Best decision iv made 😁",5
8891, January 2017,"Great location, dirty","You can't beat this location, but mattress is not good. Had crusty yellow stain on bedspread. Overly hot in bathroom while cold in room. Keycard stopped working at one point and had to wait 20 minutes in line to get a new one.",1
8892, January 2017,family trip,I_was very displeased with my treatment from a hotel staff member that profiled me and made me feel very uncomfortable for my stay. Even after I addressed the issue with him he became argumentative and confrontational.,3
8893, January 2017,Hoilday,Great location 2 mins from time square! Only used hotel for sleeping and showering! So can not comment on the food or drink! Free wifi which worked fab! Room was cleaned daily and fresh towels each day! Check- in is very slow and took for ages think we waited for nearly an hour as they had only two staff checking guest in! We were on floor 4 and found it noisy at night when you were trying to sleep as you could hear cars e.c.t.,5
8894, February 2017,Restaurant Week,Loved the location and this was our third time here! The price is right and the service is outstanding. We love the elevators that personally take you to your floor and our view was great! We have recommended the Row to numerous friends who agree with us that it's a great value and location. We are already planning our next trip!,5
8895, January 2017,Very average accommodation,The hotel has a terrible cancelation policy i.e they don't allow cancelationso you lose the money you paid. I like to have some flexibility when travelling so this did not suit me. Upon arrival I waited over 30 minutes for check in. Once you exit the elevator on your floor you are greeted with an unwelcome stench - not sure what it was but it was most unpleasant! The room was OK but lacked some basic items every hotel room should have such as a hair dryer and tea/coffee making facilities. With so many hotels to choose from in NYC I certainly would never stay here again.,1
8896, January 2017,A* hospitality,"Came here for mine and my partners birthdays, the location is great right in the heart of broadway round the corner from phantom. They had already upgraded our room for our birthdays which was amazing the view of the Hudson was lovely, you also get full use of the gym and refillable cold filtered water bottles. Because it was our birthdays they surprised us with a bottle of prosecco and breakfast on them which was lovely, then on my partners birthday while we were at the theatre they arranged a lovely cake and another bottle of prosecco. Honestly could not fault these guys everything they do is to go above and beyond for the guests, fantastic hotel and would recommend to anyone.",5
8897, January 2017,Great location,"My stay was very delightful, the reception didn't have a line but I guess I arrived to early. Guest service is good, rooms are a little small but as expected for nyc. Express checkout is also great. My only regard is that the Facilities fees are expensive and perhaps should be included in the daily price",4
8898, February 2017,Patrick Souffrant,"We loved our stay in the row hotel here in NYC, especially because of the sweet Patrick - he made our check out the best possible. If you ever consider coming to NYC, send Patrick an email and he will take good care of you! psouffrant@rownyc.com 😊",5
8899, January 2017,My New York solo trip,"Location fantastic and good value for money, rooms clean and shower gel etc replend daily, was unaware of facilities charge and was informed by staff that all guests have to pay even if you don't use the facilities on the list, staff reluctant to check me in unless I paid resulting in a very embarrassing arrival to the hotel.",3
8900, January 2017,Best stay in NY,"This hotel have great location, service, people, the check in And check out was so simple. The restaurant was super good, the price is ok. Have restaurants, bus stops And the Tours company near the lobby this is my best expirience on NYC",5
8901, January 2017,Fab for a short stay,"Stayed here for 3 nights at the end of Jan. Location was fantastic, just round the corner from Times Square. Looks trendy with a nice bar and restaurant attached. Very lively and buzzy which is what you would expect from a New York hotel. A standard room is small but does the job and great value for money. If you're looking for somewhere clean, cheap and in a good location then this is perfect.",3
8902, January 2017,"Great location, extremely poor hotel","A very basic hotel, more like a hostel. Very tired, scruffy and dirty in places. Rooms very small. Used hotel for two nights prior to picking up cruise ship. Had upgrade room offered after showing photos to manager and informing her that I would be putting them on social media to make others aware of the condition of her hotel.",1
8903, January 2017,Great stay for my first time in New York City. I will definitely see the hotel again and very soon.,"It was ny very first time in New York City and I Definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you like to shop and enjoy great food and a great view of the area. I will see you guys soon and I loved the hotel.",5
8904, January 2017,Perfect location,"Fantastic location, really small rooms but clean and functional. Really busy reception area with a youthfull feeling. Check in queue was miles long. Lounge area often closed for private companies. Helpful and friendly staff. Speciall elevator system but fast and efficiant.",3
8905, February 2017,Hero at reception,"After the long flight in from London to JFK and the nerve racking experience at security, which I must add was easier than expected, we then got our suitcase which had been damaged in transit and ushered to a taxi. We hadn't been warned about black cabs so were thoroughly ripped off. After a long day and ridiculous cab journey we got to the hotel. Tired infuriated and sweaty we just wanted our room. And that's where the hero in pink came in. Zac at reception was fantastic he could tell we were tired but made us feel so comfortable. The room was not huge but worked well as a base camp being only a block and a half from Times Square.",4
8906, January 2017,An Amazing Place to stay In NYC,"When we arrived we found out all rooms we booked were full, the employee bumped us up to an even better room with a more amazing view of Times Square. After our first night we found out the closet was broken, this was fixed without any hesitation and a sum of money was deducted from our payment without any questions asked. Super friendly staff, amazingly clean room and just a general amazing hotel. On our last day we found out that after checking out we could store our bags with the concierge till 10 o'clock that night, so we could have another full day in NY without dragging our bags around. Have to say one of the best hotel experience I have had and I have stayed in a lot of hotels.",5
8907, January 2017,Best location!,"The room was small but exactly what I expected of a large city hotel, compact with everything I needed. Excellent service from check in to check out. The location could not have been better. If I had to complain about something it would be the fact that the water drained very slowly from the tub so I was standing in water while I showered.",4
8908, January 2017,My wonderful stay with Row NYC hotel,"Once you check-in your booking at the hotel, you will feel the warm hospitality of the hotel's staff immediately. They are very accommodating to any questions you ask them. During your stay at the hotel, there are no problems that cannot be solved by this hotel officer, Mr. Patrick Souffrant. He will solve all your problems if there are any. All that is left for you is to enjoy your stay at the hotel and enjoy your vacation at New York City. If I will be given another chance to visit new York city, I will not hesitate at all to book myself again at Row NYC hotel.",5
8909, January 2017,It was amazing,"I loved the experience I had at this hotel, the bathrooms had some black lines between the tile and I wished there were rugs for the bathroom floor. Also, I wish that the elevators were easier to use.",5
8910, January 2017,Fantastic hotel in the heart of NYC,"Great hotel in the heart of downtown Manhatten. Steps from Time Square. District M inside the hotel offers breakfast with friendly staff and the NYC kitchen has an array of lunch and dinner options. Very modern, clean, great service. I would stay here every time I visit New York.",5
8911, January 2017,Perfect location to explore,"Hotel is in a perfect location to get around New York City with Times Square, broadway and metro within walking distance. This is my second time here in last year. Hotel itself is clean and I never had any issues with staff at all - always found them to be friendly. Rooms are basic but that reflects the price, so no complaints there. Shop inside is massively overpriced avoid if you can as there is plenty nearby with realistic prices. If you are looking for 5* it's obviously not this hotel but it is perfect for a decent base to explore for a short trip to NYC!",5
8912, January 2017,Great location and views!,"This is located just a block from Times Square. It was decorated cleverly with a city street scape on the inside of our floor. Very clean rooms and bed was pretty comfy. We had great views as well with the Premium City View. For affordable, great NYC eats walk a block over the 9th street. Loved our visit!",4
8913, January 2017,First Class!,Fabulous modern hotel in a great location! Friendly helpful staff who cannot do enough for you and they upgraded us at no extra cost and gave us complimentary drink voucher! Maid service every day! Would highly recommend,5
8914, January 2017,Perfect Location,"The Row hotel, perfect location for what I wanted, close proximity to restaurants, broadway shows, times square, subway station...Comfortable and modern hotel, room on the small side, but serves its purpose...only shower and sleep, gone all day exploring the city, the staff is wonderful, special mention to Marcelo at front desk and Gloria at Concierge, who have made my stay so special....from taking care of the nice touch in my room for my birthday to expediting my check in process, so I can make it to dinner and show on time, thank you so much!...to Gloria...from booking my shows to making phone calls for me....suggesting restaurants thats closer....all worked out so perfectly, your loving, caring and patient personality, had made this a truly memorable vacation, thank",4
8915, January 2017,Less than exceptional customer service,"after waiting in line for 45 minutes to check in. the customer service agent informed me that she had no access to the fax machine hats listed on the card authorization form and to email it. in order to email it , you need scanner to sign and return. my colleague was not around a scanner and they sed they couldn't help me and that it HAD to be emailed . by this time it's about 7:15pm . colleague had to go out of his way and find a fed ex store with scanner to send it . even though it was already faxed along with copy of passport . I came down for funeral and at this time and after dealing with agent and night manager -I was 3 seconds away from anxiety attack.",3
8916, January 2017,very rude staff in the reception,"Waiting for more than 30 minutres for the check in, because they ask from each guest to pay a guaranty deposit and a ""facilities fee"" . So this procedure takes really long. The receptionist was really rude, agressive and she had a very bad attitude (26/01 at 14:00). She doesn't have a clue who a smile to the guest looks like. The night audit on the 28th of January was very impolite and rude also. The less you need their services, the better you enjoy your stay. The standard rooms are very small, overlooking to a wall. So you should better book an upgrated room category to enjoy more room area size and nice view. Mr.Patrick, the guest relations manager is very kind and he is doing his best to assist the guests, in a very professional way. But the receptionists are so rude, that",2
8917, January 2017,Row NYC,Great spot but rooms are very small and the bar is very expensive - However the staff were very friendly and very helpful. Checking in was a bit of a nightmare with extremely long queues. Thought it crazy all towels changed every day,3
8918, January 2017,Good location,"Great location on 8th avenue for sight seeing and taking in a broadway show. Generally staff very helpful, but used the express checkout and seem to have been overcharged, recommend checking out at the desk.",3
8919, February 2017,Good experience,"Row NYC is a nice, modern spot in Times Square. Everyone was happy to help me get settled into my room and Christina S. at the front desk deserves mention because she helped me get a good deal in order to extend my stay. Row has a great vibe and the live music in the lobby was the perfect way to wind down after a long day.",5
8920, January 2017,One block from Times Square,The room very very clean and well appointed. The staff was very nice and friendly. Check-in was fast and easy. There is a small restaurant for breakfast on the first floor that becomes a lively bar at night.,5
8921, January 2017,Worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"The hotel's halls and rooms reek of an awful odor. No one answers the guest services call from rooms. I was charged about 300 dollars more than I owed the hotel, without explanation or notice. Nobody could explain why I had been charged the amounts, no one could furnish an invoice that explained the payments. When I enquired at the concierge, the staff were belligerent and downright rude to me because apparently it was my fault for using a booking agency (booking.com) rather than booking directly with the hotel. If they knew the first thing about agency, they'd know that they are to blame for having booking.com list their hotel, and that it is THEIR business to delist from booking.com if there are repeated complaints from customers who book through the agency. Nonetheless, I was",1
8922, January 2017,Great Location,Everyone is very friendly and the restaurants in the City View are great. The hotel is located close to the theater district and walking distance to Times Square and Central Park. Rooms are small but you shouldn't be spending that much time in the room.,4
8923, January 2017,Cathy,It was recommended to me by the travel agent in Australia. The location was the best as right in the middle of everything. Also the motel was very close to my son who is there for two months. I.had a great time in New York,5
8924, January 2017,Great location rooms very small and could do with a little revamp,We stayed here in Jan 17 location was amazing just felt rooms could have a been a bit better for the price. They need a revamp. The staff were lovely and lobby and bar very nice. Checking in was very long though last thing you need after a long flight..overall it was perfectly fine but nothing amazing,3
8925, January 2017,Large but good value for price,"Overall the hotel was absolutely fine; good value for your money. Located in the heart of the city; easy acces to all parts of the town. The hotel is pretty huge, but nicely decorated. Breakfast was good but too little without paying extra.",4
8926, January 2017,NYC ROW HOTEL,"enjoyed my stay. a bit tiny but its NYC and its in the the best location so i didn't mind. its clean and you can walk to time square, less than a 3 min walk. overall compared to the price truly satisfied, the staff are friendly and attending",5
8927, January 2017,Row NYC,"Perfect hotel in a great location, I would not stay anywhere else on my trips to NYC, free internet and phone calls so was able to call home. Lovely gym space if you are that way inclined. Walking distance of less than 5 mins for quite a few of the theatres",5
8928, January 2017,Not worth staying here,"I booked this as it look relatively nice in pictures and I knew I wouldn't be in the room much just to sleep and get ready but the room was dirty had to call house keeping on arrival to clean the room again when I called to get it clean they straight away answered with serious attitude which is the last thing you need after an 8 hour flight , very unhelpful took 45 minutes before someone had come to clean our room we had thick black hairs in the bath and we was both blonde ,our room was right next to the ice machine was so noisey had the exterior air con out side our window which was loud too hardly slept the whole time I was Their hall way stunk all musky a bit of air fresher would not go a miss !",1
8929, January 2017,Nice hotel,Only one person per room can use the wifi without becoming slow. Room not ready at check in time Room was clean and good size. Serve great pizza downstairs and very close to Times Square. Overall good,4
8930, January 2017,Convenient hotel,Would stay here again. The location couldn't have been more convenient! Within walking distance to the convention I was in town for. Only thing the need to improve is the check in process...it took forever!!,5
8931, December 2016,Exquisite staff and perfect location.,"This was our second time staying here and the first since it was renovated. It is a modern, sleek and clean hotel. The location is perfect right on the door step of Times Square. We had the pleasure of dealing with Junior at the front desk. My girlfriend and I where treated like family by him and received great tips and advice of where to go and eat.",5
8932, January 2017,Fast nyc,"Good hotel to spend time in NYC, located near timesquare and walking distance to he 5th ave. If your looking someplace quieter is better to stay in other place not that demanding as Row hotel. Nice stay",4
8933, January 2017,NYC TRIP,"Room shown on the website was beautiful. However, the room we were given was nowhere close to what we had paid for. Location was great. We paid for a street view and all i can say is, the windows need cleaning to be able to view the street.",1
8934, January 2017,good location and kind personnel,"The location was especially good, and the reception was really kind. Especially, Douglas was great. The window view was also very good, and it is very close to Broadway street. So you can walk any time anywhere in broadway.",5
8935, January 2017,Good stay in great location!,"We stayed at the Row for 3 nights and were really impressed. Check in was very busy when we arrived. After a bit of a wait while the lady tried to check us in she apologised and gave us a upgrade to a city view room. The room view was fab. You could see parts of Times Square and all the bright lights!! The room was fairly large based on NY standards, and on the surface looked clean. It was only when you went into the bathroom and closed the door you saw the dirt on the back of the door, which didn't seem to meet the standards of the hotel. We were prepared to pay the resort fee as we had budgeted for this beforehand. It includes all calls you wish to make to anywhere in the world, wifi within the hotel, the fitness centre and an area to use pcs and a printer. We used a few of",4
8936, January 2017,Ladies Weekend,"Room was on 5th floor right on 8th Ave... noisy at times. Beds were very comfortable and the blackout shades did a great job encouraging sleeping in. Kassala, José, and Raina were FABULOUS on the bar... if we didn't have other things to see, we probably could've hung out with them the whole trip.",5
8937, January 2017,Engagement Night,"Asked my girlfriend to marry me that afternoon and when we got back to the hotel, the Row NYC had a bottle of champagne, 2 glasses, and a fruit basket in our room. One of the nicest gestures I've ever seen from a hotel!! Thank you!!!!",5
8938, January 2017,Fabulous Trip,"This was a trip I took with my daughters and I was responsible for booking the hotel. I have made several trips to NYC before and have stayed in several hotels but my preference is Row NYC. It is conveniently located in the center of the theatre district and is staffed by people staff who are so courteous, informative, and helpful. This was a very positive experience.",5
8939, January 2017,Great location,Great location with easy check in and out Rooms are a bit tired and could do with an upgrade and maybe a kettle or a facility for tea and coffee Storage space was also limited and is best described as functional That being said in NYC you aren't there to spend time in your room,4
8940, January 2017,Stop over on Honeymoon,Unfortunately only a one night stay as a stop over for our honeymoon. We would have gladly spent more time here. From the moment we entered the hotel we were greeted and felt welcome. The check in staff were excellent - I have to mention Paola who was personable and attentive and German Romero (I hope I spelled that correctly) who was efficient and had our room ready for us within minutes. A nice touch was the complementary bottle of sparkling wine sent up to the room with a congratulatory note from all the staff. It's the little things that make all the difference and the staff here certainly know how to provide great customer service. Our room was clean and included the essentials. You pretty much have everything at your doorstep with this hotel and can feel confident that,5
8941, January 2017,Love it!,Row NYC Hotel not only had nice rooms and service but is also within about a block from Times Square which makes it easier if you are a tourist wanting to be in the heart of the city. The view from the higher floors is also amazing!,5
8942, January 2017,Convenient and adequate,"Struggles to keep up with constant flux of people.On second day our room cleaner had left suddenly mid room and we arrived back to no bed linen. Took a while to get message through and fixed, though woman who did it was great and very efficient.",3
8943, January 2017,"Small, But Tidy","We stayed at the Row from January 26 till January 30, Arrived to check in and the staff were extremely rude and not helpful. Elevators are small and packed most of the time. In a good spot, about 5 minutes from times square, Room we stayed in was very small, bathroom was too small to move around in, Subway came around every 15 minutes making it harder to sleep, Would recommend for a single person, but rooms too small for two.",3
8944, January 2017,Better places to stay,"Would not recommend for family stay, tiny rooms, very busy lobby, unfriendly front desk staff. Worst is the compulsory facility fee of $21USD per night on top of accommodation rate for things that are complimentary in other hotels (eg WIFI). The only saving grace is proximity to Times Square",2
8945, January 2017,Neat but basic in Great location,"Small room and bathroom, no frills but neat and tidy, beds were comfortable! $21 daily service fee a bit too high for a jug we didn't get and I'm certain we didn't use that much in wifi! Very close to sightseeing buses, broadway and Times Square so location is fantastic!",3
8946, January 2017,Great place to stay in NYC,"We have stayed in this hotel a few times. The rooms are small but they provide everything you might need. The decor is very simple, modern and clean - we had a desk and chair, double size bed, three lamps, a large flat screen TV, a small hanging cabinet and 2 nightstands. The bathroom was also very simple was just enough for two of us. There is a fitness center on the 3 floor of this hotel and a bar in the lobby that seemed to be hopping on Saturday night. The location of this hotel is perfect, as it was located within walking distance to Times Square, amazing restaurants and the great theaters of Broadway. There was a long line at check in but the line went pretty quickly and we were able to check in early which was a huge plus for us.",5
8947, January 2017,Great location but that's all that was great,"Checking in took over an hour in a queue, to eventually been given keys and room to find keys did not open door, made my way back to reception to be told I had to re stand in queue to speak with receptionist, after 2.5 hours I eventually got allocated a room",1
8948, January 2017,Row times square,"Chaotic check in. Insufficient staff and a permanent queue of 45 mins wait just to check in. Staff not over friendly and the whole experience unpleasant. Extremely busy and the company seem more concerned with charging customers for every last thing rather than providing customer service. Good location and room clean but very, very basic. In no rush to return.",2
8949, January 2017,Beautiful Hotel,"Wonderful experience and gorgeous interior. There is much to do within the hotel like sugar factory, dough, and all the other food places. Lovely service :) Def would recommend to my friends and family",5
8950, January 2017,Dirty hotel and with no security,"We had an awful experience with the restaurant, one of the waitress was terrible. The cleaning service left our room opened during al the day, and the case was opened. The only good thing is the location.",2
8951, January 2017,ROW NYC,"The price was great.. its not glamorous, but it is a good hotel to stay in when in NYC. The rooms are clean and the hotel is located very close to Time Square and the Broadway shows. It is easy to come in and out of the hotel.",4
8952, January 2017,Great Hotel in NYC close to Time Square,"This is a very good hotel for the price. The rooms are good size for NYC and the location is awesome for all your tourist activities. The hotel is very busy with a lot going on. Everything during my stay was great. My only complaint was check in and check out. There is very long lines and not enough staff working the front desk. Also, if you use parking there is no way to leverage automatically checking out. You have to wait in long lines to get your ticket stamped and car requested. For some reason, they do not allow the concierge to perform this service or have a specific parking person handling these requests. You have to wait in the same line everyone else does to check in and check out which are long.",4
8953, January 2017,"Perfect Location, Clean & Good Prices","Perfect hotel for a weekend getaway, in the heart of times square! Rooms were clean and fairly modern, the look was very cute but simple! The bathrooms were a little small but that was to be expected in new york... as long as there was a mirror and running shower we were happy (typical girls) ... i also really loved that there was a full length mirror in the room! Check-In was done quite quickly... staff was very friendly! Would definitely stay at the row again :)",4
8954, January 2017,Fabulous!!,We visited NYC to see our daughter and to do dinner and a show. The convenience and amenities offered at this hotel (for the price) is a GREAT DEAL!! The staff were friendly and genuinely interested in making our stay comfortable. There was a line at check in but it moved quickly and was efficient. The baggage storage staff were efficient and quick. The rooms were clean and well appointed and the concierge was great with maps and things to do. Best deal in Manhattan!,4
8955, January 2017,I wont stay here again!!,"The room was filthy and dirty, and not at all like the pictures on the website! We got a new room after complaining - it was better but still not at all what we expected! And the breakfast was crappy - we could only choose 3 'items' - meaning that we had to choose either coffie or juice - one fruite and one muffin/croisant! And ut was like stepping into a nightclub- loud and with barkeepers that was grumpy and very hectic. Not nice at all!!! And we had to pay quite a lot of money (taxes etc) when we arrived eventhoug we had paid everyting in advance according to our booking. So now we have to go through our booking to find it out if we paid too much or not!",2
8956, January 2017,ROW New York,"The Row is in a great location in the heart of NYC, and a block away form Times Square. The room was relatively clean, although we did have some issues with the shower on our first morning. The rest of the time there were no issues. The staff were friendly and helpful.",4
8957, January 2017,Very good,This hotel is in the perfect location especially for a first time visit to New York! For the time I spent in the hotel I was happy with the services and I will defiantly stay in the row if I return to newyork,4
8958, January 2017,Too loud in the am,Would have liked notice that we were placed next to the housekeeping closet. Woke up at 7am to doors and things slamming and people talking very loudly. Went on for 3-4 hours. Housekeeping also knocked on the door early on the day of our check out but didn't come at all the previous day.,3
8959, January 2017,Excellent location!,"The hotel is located in the heart of Times Square, easy access to places and subway stations. Although the room was smaller then I expected, the bed was really comfortable and cozy. Great food and drinks!",4
8960, January 2017,getaway weekend,"Great location, in the heart of the things we wanted to do and see - nice clean room with a great view of 8th Avenue! Both checking in and out were a breeze and the concierge was very helpful. We will be back!!!",4
8961, January 2017,New York New York,"When we first came to New York City we were looking for a very central place where to stay, as we wanted to see all the Manhattan island, and this hotel is perfect located in the heart of the city, but behind Times Square. The service they offer is also very good and the rooms are very clean and comfortable.",4
8962, September 2016,Not good for the money,"I booked this through Hotels.com. When we checked in we were given a room that was not clean. The carpet needed a good vacuuming, the headboards needed cleaned. There was a nasty stain on the mattress cover bottom sheet. The bathroom shower needed re-caulked as it had black mold on it in areas. Basically a very old hotel in need of better housekeeping staff and a major facelift of the rooms. It is centrally located to Times Square. The bar was good. I wouldn't stay there again.",2
8963, January 2017,Great Time,"very clean, great area, and express check-in/check-out is a blessing because the lines are usually very long. They give you everything you need for the express check-in/ check-out within your email. They also refund your security deposit very quickly, which is great because a of places take way too long.",5
8964, January 2017,Nice stay,"Great room. Comfortable beds. Really enjoyed the stay. Location was perfect if you want a Times Square hotel. * Pay attention to how the elevators work-they end up programed to go to your floor. We did electronic check-in and didn't read the info, so it took us a few tries before we made it to our room. Pretty cool.",4
8965, January 2017,Not 4* more 2*,"Staff rude and not helpful. Room basic but clean, tv selection not good. We had 3 days in January before boarding our ship to cruise the Caribbean. NYC amazing place hotel quite a let down really small no kettle and an extremely annoying loud sound coming from air on unit outside the window!",2
8966, January 2017,Loved this place,"Literally 2 minutes away from Times square, absolutely loved this hotel and would definitely return! Clean room, lively helpful staff!! Plenty of things to do and see so close by!! New York you were amazing",5
8967, January 2017,Bad smelly and deceptive,"When you enter this hotel dinner be fooled by the deceptively swanky lobby, which you will have plenty of time to admire while you wait an hour just to check in. As you descent the elevator you enter a dimly lit grungy hallway reminiscent of a subway station. As you walk though endless grimy narrow dark hallyways the smell of sewerage and spicy food permittes your nostrils. Opening the door to your room reveals a cramped, washed up and badly remodeled old room. If you can fit through the tiny passageway and are brave enough to let your skin come into contact with any surface of the room you may venture to sit on the bed which will immediately collapse underneath your weight at the ends. If you are thirsty you will need to grab a flimsy plastic cup,the only amenity provided in",1
8968, January 2017,Great service!!!!,"Staff was attentive, made sure you had a good time and caring, Raina, Josie and Kassala made sure I had a good time, lots of laughs over a good amount of drinks can't wait to visit this bar in the future",5
8969, January 2017,Best service!,"Stopped by the bar after work and the bartender Raina really took care of me. She was so sweet and very attentive! Really good vibes after work and made my night! The bar is super chill and the scenery is so nice, with dim lighting and their district m pizza is the best thing I've ever tasted ☺️☺️☺️ def a 5 star visit, I have to come again!",5
8970, January 2017,Excellent stay,"I would definetily stay there again. Staff was there to help, everything was simple and modern. I love the online check in and out system. I didn't have to wait in live cause of that! The elevators were a class of touch too",5
8971, January 2017,Don't Bother,"Not so much a hotel as a youth hostel. The communal areas were shabby & dirty and hugely over-populated. The staff were disinterested & dismissive. Our room was clean but tiny, with an air-con/heater that was so loud we had to buy earplugs. One glass of wine & a vodka & tonic for €32 just about finished us off!",2
8972, January 2017,Good Enough,"For a comfortable mattress and a tub with shower, this hotel is doable. the lobby is very loud in the evenings. Elevators are divided for easier access to higher floors without stopping too many times along the way. So convenient to the theater district. Bring your own blow-dryer and make-up mirror. Iron and ironing board provided.",3
8973, January 2017,A Memorable Experience to Share,"Every year, as a birthday gift, we make a reservation for our son and his girlfriend to go into the city. This year they were going to a play and after that he was going to propose. The hotel has a 4pm check in and we knew that would be too late for them and it would completely interfere with the exciting plans. I called and spoke to a manager, Anne, to see if they could somehow get their room earlier so the proposal could happen as planned. I was told no guarantees, but she would note the reservation and they would do their best. Well, they were able to check in early and had a lovely room. After the engagement surprise, dinner and cocktails, they returned to their room to find a bottle of champagne & glasses waiting for them! The hotel went above and beyond to be kind and",4
8974, January 2017,Returning Guest Feedback,"We have stayed at ROW multiple times. Although we had issues controlling the temperature in our room (79 degrees in January), and had to wait 45 minutes for hot water to shower on our first morning, we would visit ROW again. ROW NYC is a great affordable hotel in a fantastic location. Friendly staff, clean room.",4
8975, January 2017,Noisy,Stayed a night on way to a cruise. OMG we were right next to the lifts and it sounded like there was a ten pin bowling alley next to us. Keep away from rooms near the lifts whatever you do. Room was small and not much room but were warned upon booking in that this was the case. Wouldn't want to stay there again.,3
8976, January 2017,Ok for 1 night,We arrived just after lunchtime we had a 1 night stay before our cruise. Check your in was horrific 1 person on the desk and a reception full of people waiting to check in We waited nearly 40 minutes the rooms were basic and clean but I wouldn't stay there there for any more than 1 night. Although we didn't eat there or use the bar it is Central for Times Square etc,3
8977, January 2017,Very good,"The hotel was very good, and i would recommend it to anyone. The location is also perfect as it is right in the center and the subway is very close. The staff was friendly and attentive the room was cleaned every day I liked it very much. Very modern and cozy hotel",4
8978, January 2017,Bad Service,Didn't clean the room. Had to call management to send someone and the customer treatment was terrible. Did not empty out the trash and did not change the sheets of the bed. The air conditioner was dirty among many other things.,2
8979, January 2017,Great location and average hotel.,"We stayed at the Row NYC for 4 nights from Tuesday-Saturday. Upon arrival the staff seemed friendly and happy to help. Check in went smoothly, although the receptionist didn't provide any information about the hotel, facilities, breakfast and even failed to mention the lift system. We waited at the lifts for some time before a kind guest informed us that we needed to press the floor number before the lift would open. The room was very clean and airy however It was extreamly small with a lack of storage space, no tea or coffee facilities and only one mirror that was situated in the bathroom. Not a good start with 2 women sharing that room. The following morning we had a little trouble with the room and was unable to re enter. The receptionist was immediately rude asking 'do",2
8980, December 2016,Heart of NYC,This hotel was great! We came during New Years time and Times Square was a hop and a skip away! The hotel is very nice and the ease to get to your room from the elevators was great! Will definitely come stay here again if I visit!,5
8981, January 2017,Great experience of NYC,"The ROW is located a block from Times Square, it gives you the opportunity to walk to many locations and tourist spots. It's been remodeled recently, so it feels new, and clean, everything works. We were able to check in sooner, it was great because we arrived in the morning. The WiFi works great.",4
8982, January 2017,Cheap,"You get what you pay for I guess. Cheap fixtures, lots of noise from other guests and the quality just wasn't there. It's a shame as the location is absolutely brilliant. I won't be staying here again.",2
8983, January 2017,Wonderful,Great location so close to everything! clean and nice. I felt safe here with my daughter. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The fresh clean water for your room was such a nice touch and saved us money on buying bottled water.,5
8984, January 2017,?,Rooms were tidy but not clean. For 4 people rooms very small.The staff at he lobby was rude and not helping at all. Late check-out is possible if the hotel is available so most of the time you don't have late check out option... Great location.,2
8985, January 2017,In the heart of New York,"The hotel is in a fabulous location (2 minutes walk from time square) 1 minute from nearest subway .there is a taxi rank outside .the staff are efficient the rooms are fine there are 2 banks of lifts floors 1-15 on one side &16-30 on the other I never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a lift .the only downside to the hotel is the crowded reception area ,there is also a 24hr Starbucks 3 minutes away & a 24hr cafe on the opposite side of the street .i enjoyed my stay in New York & when I return I will try to stay in this hotel again",3
8986, January 2017,Row NYC Review,Hotel was in a great location. Only blocks away from building I needed to attend. Noise at night was terrible. People screaming and horns blowing. Hotel room itself was fine for one night. Was told at reservation that self park would be $40 for 24 hours. Parking garage charged $57 for 19 hours. Staff was friendly.,4
8987, January 2017,We are regulars here . . .,"We have frequently stayed at The Row NYC when traveling to New York - we like the location and the price of the hotel seems to be very reasonable. This time wasn't the greatest experience - we booked a superior room with one queen bed after receiving an email about a sale online, but when we got to the hotel we were told that they gave us two beds instead. Since we've stayed here before, I am aware of what the standard room with two double beds is like, and I'm quite sure that's what we got. I asked the woman at check-in when she mentioned the two beds - I wanted to clarify we were getting a superior room - I'm not sure what the difference is but there is a slight difference in price so there must be something. The front desk clerk didn't know the difference, and at first",4
8988, January 2017,A convenient location at an affordable price,We arrived in New York early in the morning from a stopover in Qatar. Arrived at The Row at around lunch time and had to wait for a few hours until our room was ready. The receptionist was nice and tried to find an available room but we had to wait which was understandable. We walked around the city and had lunch to pass the time which was no problem. The Row's big selling point is their location in the middle of New York City and most tourist attractions are in walking distance. Across the road you can try the famous Shake Shack which is a good burger joint. The elevator system is quite efficient. I'm a newbie when it comes to this and found it fascinating to key in your level from the waiting area of the lifts and you will be directed to an elevator that will take you,4
8989, January 2017,Opinion,"Very good location, very nice staff there was too many people at the hotel but it wasn't noisy so I will back if I have the opportunity of back to the city. Nice travel and very nice staying at the hotel",5
8990, January 2017,Great experiencie...good prince and good location!!!,"Great experiencie...good prince and good location!!! If you wanna be near or everything it's a great place. You have time square in 5 min, metro station in the corner, theaters all around, places to eat...",5
8991, February 2016,"It's a 3* hotel experience. Full stop. Not a 4* experience. And they charge a bogus $30/night ""resort fee"".","I've stayed at the Row a few times. Two reasons: 1) Close to Times Square 2) Sometimes (and only sometimes) the cheapest reasonable option in the area. Now the downsides: 1) They charge a ~$30 ""resort fee"" per night. That's not included in the advertised price. So add $30/night when comparing prices. Oh, and in no way whatsoever is this any sort of resort, even by stingy NYC standards. 2) They typically only have one person on duty downstairs to check people in. If you manage to arrive at the same time as a bunch of others, you may find yourself waiting half an hour or longer just to check in. I've never seen this at a ""luxury"" hotel. 3) The rooms are old and tired. They're not very clean. Often things don't work (one time, the heat in my room wouldn't cycle off; I finally",3
8992, January 2017,Incompetent Front Desk Staff / Cattle Market Driven,"Couldn't check in until 2AM only to be told my payment method was declined. I had a fraud alert issue earlier in the day on my card. My attempts to reach my bank were unsuccessful so I couldn't resolve the issue. The front desk manager refused to help me even though I could pay for my room charge with cash, he told me that I needed to pay for the incidental fees of an additional $100 which I didn't have. I had no intention of using their phone or anything else but he still refused entry to my room. After finally being able to reach my bank, I was told that the wrong expiration date had been entered incorrectly three times. I cannot express my frustration and embarrassment this caused! I work in the travel industry and it is clear to me that their executive team does not",2
8993, January 2017,Row one of the best hotel in New York,"Row is a very beautiful place to stay in New York . Very nice room , cleaned big and silence to sleep . Staff kindly and very professional ...restaurant bar and gym were perfect . Price very honest . One of my best trip in New York",5
8994, January 2017,"Potential for perfection, but ended poorly.","My friends and I checked in on Saturday to celebrate my birthday early in the city. My husband and I have stayed here before (last summer for a concert at MSG) so I felt good booking again. Room: We booked a deluxe city view, and the room was big enough for the three of us ladies to get ready in each day/night. It's a little tight, but nothing too obnoxious. Cutely decorated, efficient, just what you need and nothing more to occupy the space. Facilities fee: I am fine with a fee, but this one described including collapsible water bottles (which we got last time we stayed) but this time there were only two disposable plastic cups. That does NOT fit with the ""eco-friendly"" that they advertised. And it made swallowing that fee a little more difficult, as we did not use any of",3
8995, January 2017,ROW NYC Stay,"I arrived at the hotel at 6.45pm, with check in being 4pm. Despite this, my room wasn't ready - in the end it wasn't ready until gone 8pm. After an 18 hour day this wasn't the ideal end - the staff handling the matter were incredibly polite and reasonable, it was just a bad first impression. My room itself was good - not the fanciest, and the bathroom wasn't great (a few cracks on the wall, in the bath etc) however the shower was AMAZING! So so good. Also, while the amenities were relatively simple the bed was also amazingly comfy. And really, what else do you really need? LOL The location was also amazing - a stone throw away from Times Square and Broadway, walking distance of Central Park and shopping. So, even though i had my issues with it I would recommend - it's not",4
8996, January 2017,Lovely hotel. Horrible customer service,"The rooms were lovely. Housekeeping did a wonderful job. The service was incredibly rude, both at the desk and on the phone. The service was disorganized and did not listen to what we were telling them to try to clear up their mistake.",2
8997, January 2017,Locate excelent,"Small rooms, but the location is ok, too much people, it 's a very large hotel. It 's near the very best of NYC. The bar e the food park are good too. I really like the hotel. The price are good too. Yhe facilities are so clean.",4
8998, January 2017,Best Location in NYC !!!,"I have stayed at The ROW Hotel several times and I recommend it to anyone who would like a clean, comfortable hotel ,with a wonderful staff, and an absolutely perfect location.The ROW is walking distance to Broadway, Restaurant Row, The Port Authority, and several subway stops. At the reception desk, Robert was especially helpful and knowledgeable. He has a kind manner and seemed to really care that we had a great experience at The ROW. Anne, Director of Guest Relations, introduced herself to us on our last day. She was gracious and has an engaging personality.She was pleased that we had a great experience at The Row and offered to help us with anything we needed.I told her that we were leaving shortly, but that on my recommendation, friends will be staying at The ROW for the",5
8999, January 2017,business trip,"Star at nyc during almost tao das betwwen business meeting at grande rapids and return to Lisboa flying from nyc. Gold experiente in lhe city. Rós nyc das a ver opor serviço with a very low profile staff, a lot of customers acrowded to be checked in, breakfast ver opor. An experiente nota to repeat!",2
9000, January 2017,"Great price, clean and friendly",This was a great hotel. Brilliant location with a great choice of restaurants on your door step and times square just around the corner. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The only complaint I would have is that our room was quite small. We had a double room and it just felt a bit enclosed so if I returned to this hotel I would definitely pay for a larger room. But I would definitely stay here again and would definitely recommend to a friend.,4
9001, January 2017,Location is everything. Literally.,"The most redeeming quality of this hotel is, by far, the location. It's centrally located in midtown manhattan, and that's one of its major points. The rooms are small, which is fine, but with literally no amenities whatsoever (and I had a ""superior"" room). Views are nice - you get to look out your window at more tall buildings, but I suppose that's better than staring at a brick wall. Staff are extra obnoxious, giving plenty of that famous NYC attitude for ""the full experience"". The attendant when I arrived was amazing and helpful, and when I checked out the attendant was also very helpful. In between, however, I received nothing but attitude and buck-passing. I couldn't even find a microwave. Would I recommend this hotel? Maybe. But maybe not. There's no shortage of",3
9002, January 2017,"Location ok, Rooms not so much !","Location is great and that's the main thing with this hotel. When you walk into reception you get an instant hipster upgrade. This hotel is aimed at youngsters. When i was there most of the crowd was Spanish tourists. Check-in was lengthy and while the staff is friendly it just took too long and the staff was more into talking among themselves then with clients. I had a single room which was small but okay-is - it's New York so you are never getting a big room. What really bothered me was the bathroom. At first glance it was okay - at second not so much. It was dated and the cracks where showing. It got worse when I used it. The shower started burping air - i got out - and the water turned brown. Ugh ! I got out in time, but that kinda ruined it for me. I was checking out but",1
9003, January 2017,Special Trip,"The Hotel Row NYC was very good, with a great location for Times Square but made all other places accessible. We used nearly al the services in the hotel and found them all to be good Clean and Tidy and a lovely place to base ourselves for our break Check in experience wasn't great as the person who we met at reception wasn't very helpful and quite abrupt, apart from that though all other staff we met were very helpful",4
9004, January 2017,Great Spot,"Great place to stop - clean rooms, quiet space in top floors, safe feeling, centrally located, nice staff. Busy and crowded but otherwise good for the $.I like the security guy standing down at the elevators - helps make you feel safe.",5
9005, January 2017,Perfect location,"Booked into the ROW for our 10 year anniversary, had 5 nights in the hotel. Location is perfect, Times Square is a 2 minute walk around the corner, the same as Broadway. Room was quite compact but at the end of the day, you don't visit New York to stay in your room! We would definitely use this hotel again. Best price around for the best location. Staff were friendly and the city kitchen is brilliant.",5
9006, January 2017,Great Location & Family Friendly,"After some issues with late check-in due to travel delays, Yanelly (Reception) was extremely helpful, friendly and understanding towards our situation. We traveled in a group of 8 people (2 families of 4) and were looking forward to our first time in New York, Yanelly made that possible. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends as the staff were friendly, rooms were comfortable, family friendly and I felt safe in the hotel as there was security after 9pm checking guests before they entered the lifts. My youngest daughter loved being in charge of getting Ice and water which is available to all guests. The central location was great, easy to get to everything we wanted to see without having to travel great distances. The subway is nearby and easy to travel on. It was",4
9007, January 2017,Missleading!!!,"The row nyc was booked by my travel agent who seemed thorougly excited they were able to get a booking. They have obviously never stayed here. 1: you're charged a resort fee of 25+USD a day for a filthy water machine in the corridors and free WiFi. 2: the hotel lobby is misleading the hotel after leaving the painful to deal with elevators is run down and dirty, the corridors are creepy. 3: the rooms are absolutely tiny so small there wasnt enough room for me to have my luggage and move around the bed was a foot maybe less from where the tv was mounted leaving me to climb over the bed to get to the bathroom, the bathroom was filthy. The shower curtain did not function leaving the bathroom flooded after every shower the windows looked like theyve never been washed. 4: no rubbish",1
9008, January 2017,Great location,"This well located hotel was booked by our travel agent. Poor choice for 5 day stay. We were moved to another room due to filthy bathroom. Room two was better but average at best. Day two room was cleaned OK, we had always planned to spend most of our stay out and about so our only requirements were a bed and a clean room. It is New York and demand is high. Day three late we came back to the room which had not been cleaned at all, bed covers just pulled up and towel under the sink on floor left on floor. Hint try using a vacuum on the carpet.We immediately requested the room be cleaned, they did as requested so we went out whilst they cleaned it again. Staff are nice overall responding to the issues however many conversations were overhead complaining about the cleaning. Rooms",3
9009, January 2017,Wonderful Stay just a little hitch but no biggie!,Well located and affordable. I recommend this hotel very much. If traveling with a group though be sure to communitcate with them in advance and even the day before to make sure check in goes smoothly. Think this was partly my fault. Came with a group and had to retell details several times when I got there even though I called ahead. Called from the airport so they could make keys but they were not made when we got there. So checking in ook longer than expected. We had I wonderful stay though and I have been bring groups to this hotel for 15 years. Ha back then it was called the Milford Plaza!,5
9010, January 2017,Average,"Room and bathroom clean though small. Great location as a tourist, although rooms very noisy - you can hear other guests. I stayed three years ago and found the hotel to be great. Not so much this time.",3
9011, January 2017,Bustling hotel in the heart of NYC,I've stayed at ROW NYC before and I was thrilled to see City Kitchen and Sugar are now open. City Kitchen is an eclectic collection of take out stands and the food is excellent. The scent of Sugar with waffles and ice cream was tempting and amazing. My room featured contemporary furnishings and was very comfortable. Row NYC makes the best use of technology with easy check in and check out. The whole experience was a pleasure.,4
9012, January 2017,Back again,"We have used Row NY as our headquarters for annual trips for several years (even as the former Milford Plaza). The location is excellent, rooms sufficient size, very clean, and the staff is helpful and friendly. Only complaint is the parking is getting more and more expensive but hey, it's NYC",4
9013, January 2017,nice,I love the hotel and the room and the food was so good the look from my room I love it I will like all of my friends know to go to the row in new York all of the staff was so help full and nice I love new York I will be come back to stay,5
9014, October 2016,"Good Location, But Needs Reno","Had an average experience at the ROW NYC, which to be honest I did expect as it was one of the lower priced options for its location. Rooms are clean however they are smaller than typical NYC hotel rooms and appear to be very weathered and in need of some renovations. The check in line was long, and appeared to be that way for our entire trip. However despite all of this, the most important feature of an NYC hotel in my opinion is its location, and the ROW definitely has a great one. Would stay again, however would not select if travelling with four others as it felt very tight.",3
9015, January 2017,"Location, location, location, good coffee","Many European tourists make for great people watching and a lively lobby. The M coffee shop is quite good - nice pastries and good coffee, convenient for drinks. Small rooms sport a chilly bathroom where the hot water was a reward for those who wait for it.",3
9016, January 2017,Ok hotel with great location,"Location of this hotel is brilliant l, round the corner from Times Square, near subway stations and if you want to walk not to far from Central Park. I felt it was aimed at the young travellers and I'm only 30! Very busy reception area, so if you want to be able to sit relax with a drink, not going to happen. Room was ok, small but from my 3rd trip to NYC you don't need a big room, even though it's nice. If you want a good location this is perfect, but if you want to have chance to get away from the hussle and bussle of NYC then there are other hotels in NYC that offer this. Did ask reception for advice on transport back to the airport and found them unhelpful compared to other hotels I've stayed in NYC.",4
9017, January 2017,GOOD LOCATION & VALUE FOR MONEY,"Located near Broadway & easy access to public transport & subways. All the shopping area, time square & dinning, just walking distance. Room well furnished, modern & decent size. Lobby Long queue if you arrive during peak hour. City Kitchen Restaurant Staff & Frint Desk as friendly as ever. It value for money's",4
9018, January 2017,Great for a night!,The hotel was an extremely convenient location to all of the Times Square & surrounding areas. Queen single room was clean but ideal for only 1 person or a couple. I would recommend this hotel for a short stay in the city.,3
9019, January 2017,New york,"The hotel is very central ,helpful staff , very comfortable room , had to bring are own kettle , but was a hairdryer in room , the hotel made our first time to New York extra special we only had a little view of the street from our room as we over looked the lion king sign but it was fine ,",5
9020, January 2017,Okay .... but!,"Good central location. Lots of queuing for both check-in and leaving luggage. We had a large room with two double beds on 10th floor and very little noise.AC is clunky but efficient. Foyer is always busy with lots of people loitering around ... a little intimidating. The 'but' is the compulsory 'facilities fees' of 29.50$ per night for facilities, which with the exception of WiFi, we never saw or used. WiFi is always free wherever I've stayed anywhere in the world ... cannot see why different here. If you can get over this rip off then this hotel is okay",3
9021, February 2016,Previousely The Milford New York Hotel,"The Row has recently renovated their rooms, and the result was astonishing. you'll get the Rooms as shown as the pictures provided in the website ""not like the other hotels that they are misleading the people"". So basically you'll get a good deals on the rooms, very clean, and not to mention the location is awesome for tourist. However, wifi are not free the elevators are usually crowded (upgrade the lifts please) and the concierge are'nt that friendly.",3
9022, January 2017,Good location,Rooms very old and not very clean. However location is very convenient. There are missing a lot of basics things expected in a Standard room. Staff is friendly. And recommended to do on line check in. Process is too easy,3
9023, January 2017,Fantastic time at the Row NYC,"Checked into the hotel and was greeted by a wonderful man called Zak, who was very kind and explained the resort fee, internet, ice machine etc. Fantastic service from the moment we entered the Row NYC. Location was perfect!!! If you want to experience Times Square, shopping, Broadway, food, then this is the best place to stay!!! Guaranteed!! Yes...I agree with the other reviews, the rooms are slightly small however perfectly adequate and by no means sub standard at all. We had a lovely view out of our window on the 7th floor. Just a few bits of advice for you all:- 1. If you want to get a sightseeing bus, go with the company Open Loop. We had a first class experience with them and there main stop is outside Mcdonalds (2 seconds from the hotel lobby) 2. Go to Westway",5
9024, January 2017,You get what you pay for..,"Cheap hotel, so cannot have high expectations I guess. Stuff at the front desk rushed through check in. Elevators are working really bad, especially during rush hour. Allow additional 20 minutes in the morning if you need to go somewhere around 9am. Water stations are not on every floor and no water in the room even for additional charge. Windows are very dirty. But overall experience was okay. Not bad for one night stay.",3
9025, January 2017,Great location,Great location. Comfortable beds. Clean rooms. No coffee making facilities in the room. Hall ways have a funny smell about them but room was very clean. Water fill station did not work on our floor which was annoying and reported and told it worked! Tv kept cutting out reported but not fixed or replaced.,3
9026, January 2017,Strange..,"Recently stayed in this hotel, I have to say the location is perfect if you want to be near everything. The hotel itself it's very busy, as you'd probably expect being so close to Times Square. However, when we arrived and checked in, we found we had been put in a smaller room than originally booked, but we didn't really mind as we were only going to use the room for sleeping and getting ready in a morning, so couldn't be bothered with the hassle of trying to sort it out as we arrived really late. The bed itself was fine, but the pillows felt like laying on a brick. Modern looking rooms. Now for the strange. I left a pair of trousers (pants in America), on the bed when we went out for the day, and when I came back the room had been cleaned, bed made and the trousers were",1
9027, January 2017,Very central,"Very central, friendly and helpfull staff, comfortable and clean room. However my husband and I would have liked to have had the facility to have had a small fridge and the facility to make a cup of tea or coffee in the room rather than having to got out to purchase one when back in the room after a long day of sightseeing..",4
9028, January 2017,Nice Location But Crowded,"The rooms are fine just a bit noisy at night due to street noise and I was wearing ear plugs. The staff okay for New York - expect the usual attitude, but the entrance and lobby is just way too crowded and stressful",4
9029, January 2017,Brilliant service and staff,"District M staff are brilliant, Raphael made me feel so comfortable and welcome whilst travelling alone, and the service was quick and efficient! Would recommend to anyone staying in the Row or anyone visiting New York, fab service, good prices and lovely staff! Definitely will be coming back",5
9030, January 2017,Row nyc,Great deal for the location of the hotel and small but nice rooms. Staff also very friendly. Will definitely be visiting again in the near future and recommending it to friends and family. Thank you for your hospitality!,5
9031, January 2017,NYC quick get away!,"Row NYC was very nice we got to check in early & they went out of their way to make sure we had dinner reservations! The room was small like most hotels in NYC, however very clean! Easy check out too!",4
9032, January 2017,New York stay January 17,"Couldn't really fault the experience of our stay, as a base for rest and recovery whilst exploring New York, this hotel was Excellent value for money, clean,comfortable and ideally located. Staff were courteous and check in/ checkout was easy, despite hotel being busy. Disappointed that there were no tea/ coffee facilities in the room . A small improvement suggestion which would enhance customer satisfaction and be welcomed by guests.",5
9033, January 2017,Excellent stay,Would highly recommend could not fault anything! Staff very friendly. The location perfect. The room was cleaned daily with fresh towel if required. The bed was very comfy also minimal noise could be heard and we were only on the fifth floor!,5
9034, January 2017,Best value in NYC,"I could not be more pleased with my recent stay at The Row, from the time I arrived, till I checked out the following day, everything was great ~ this trip was for pleasure, in two weeks, I return to NYC for business, and can't wait to come back to The Row !!!",5
9035, January 2017,"Comfortable, very central hotel","Location was perfect right in the theatre district. A short walk to our Broadway show and Nadison Square Garden for our NBA game. Hotel was good, our room was small but fine for what we wanted, recently updated too. Clean and comfortable. 24hr convenience store on site. Numerous subway stations within an easy walk. Overall it was great.",4
9036, January 2017,"Nice, affordable hotel conveniently located in midtown","For a place to stay, the hotel was affordable, centrally located and convenient to my office. I would stay here again. Room temperature was good and easily adjustable. HVAC was a little loud. Bed was very comfortable.",4
9037, January 2017,Nice stay,"Great stay at the Row. Perfect location, staff, value. We had to extend our stay a day due to weather, and they accommodated with ease. Free breakfast was nice overlooking 8th Ave. we will be back next theatre trip.",5
9038, January 2017,Good stay!,My partner had her 25th last week and I must say the service was fantastic. For starters the lady who checked us in was amazingly helpful. Gutted I didnt get her name. She explained the whole metro card system and the getting to and from of NYC. Great value and location. However the wifi could of been better with us being on the 15th floor... But Thank you Row NYC - Definitely a recommendation!,4
9039, January 2017,over all good,"great location nice staff, clean small room, very comfortable bed. i got it at an amazing AAA price at $150 per night with valet parking so it was amazing for that price its a solid 3 star hotel in a great location",4
